
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119916                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119916168750                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685214600577                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 320336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   404005                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2027497                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59144.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18946225876                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23894825583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2849408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2869376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1649024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2064768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2072064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2790144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2884480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2805120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4761728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4791040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4624768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1551488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4163584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2810624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4659968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             49534976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13506304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13506304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        22261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        22417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        12883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        21798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        22535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        21915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        37201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        37430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        36131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        12121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        21958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        36406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          105518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               105518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23761666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23928183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13751473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17218429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17279271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23267454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24054137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23392342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39708807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39953244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38566676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     12938105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34720789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23438240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     38860214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17584551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               413080042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        36292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        37359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        43764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        40562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             656459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112631217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112631217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112631217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23761666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23928183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13751473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17218429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17279271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        36292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23267454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24054137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        37359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23392342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39708807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        40562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39953244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        43764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38566676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     12938105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        39494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34720789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        40562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23438240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     38860214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        42696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17584551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              525711259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21812120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19468944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14507032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230438277                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123934103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21812120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15524413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27621903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5725090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3491664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13945426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265526454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237904551     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204625      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2133665      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158665      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1336643      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841027      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608526      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         988836      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10349916      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265526454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075850                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228059826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5922697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27567471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3954206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138654742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3954206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228328588                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3490491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1594004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27311014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       848147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138454329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       660646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181470996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627570218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627570218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34436666                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9398                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1922382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24955051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       927792                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137744897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128942287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24974733                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51148333                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265526454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209003473     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17807104      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18893273      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10972238      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678002      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420394      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679110      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39595      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265526454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215234     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88211     23.45%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72799     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101122879     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012891      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765284     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032043      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128942287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448388                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523869491                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162738616                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125658800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129318531                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5116988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2469259                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104412                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137763647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24955051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2579                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127309719                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22443444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26475291                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19341151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125687424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125658800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76021595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165691840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.436970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615982                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25153298                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1729874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261572248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219613943     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16502076      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10568096      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351702      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531261      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1081214      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686048      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       628058      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3609850      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261572248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3609850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395731301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279495937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5131413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22042297                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615982                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.875687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.875687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347743                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347743                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591714417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163743316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147210963                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287568747                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23326886                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19126156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2292561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9594102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9117265                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2395227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102403                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223150278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132688955                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23326886                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11512492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29204591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6496653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7600156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13750860                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2277313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    264123309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      234918718     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3167932      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3677220      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2013883      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2312746      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1269555      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         864764      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2256786      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13641705      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    264123309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221327424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9456896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28962779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       229250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4146956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3788899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162026722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       106344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4146956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      221678361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2792077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      5682550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28855694                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       967667                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    161932802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       241225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       455674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    225089157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    754076417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    754076417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    192311897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32777260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23853                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2596007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15453052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8421480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1864107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161694461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152861942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       202656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20115955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46478264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4934                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264123309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199715642     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25903336      9.81%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13919931      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9638182      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8423364      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4304943      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042956      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671349      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       503606      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264123309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37579     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       144323     43.72%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148232     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127969497     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2393241      1.57%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18728      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14116858      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8363618      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152861942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570379983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181854591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150326950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    153192076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2711589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          906                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178624                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4146956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2251750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       153930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161737300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15453052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8421480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23836                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       107623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1286693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2615837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150600073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13258389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2261869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21620163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21073932                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8361774                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            150328697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           150326950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89357980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234092603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522751                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112930111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    138551318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23186815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37769                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2306095                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259976353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203389226     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26242129     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10994078      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6600980      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4577684      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2953523      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1537911      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234300      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446522      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259976353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112930111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    138551318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20984319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12741463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18844                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19830322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124908249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2818830                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2446522                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          419267210                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         327623303                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3421690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              23445438                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112930111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           138551318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112930111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.546431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.546431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392706                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392706                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      679344072                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     208658355                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     151176774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37734                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       26009697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21660059                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10194917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9541705                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798857                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226535095                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            142748407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          26009697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12340562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29760942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6572287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7861940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        14065612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    268341227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      238580285     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1825586      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2309111      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3665040      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1535290      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1978512      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2306894      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1050786      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       15089723      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    268341227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090447                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      225203982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9321571                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        29617843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        15296                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4182530                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3953904                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          721                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    174440621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4182530                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      225433982                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        731452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7950242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        29403348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       639663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    173362389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        92349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       446545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    242134292                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    806228284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    806228284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    202833061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       39301220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2247505                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     16217710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8491232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1977297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        169267232                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       162489337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20377457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41308403                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268341227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199460829     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31401615     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12901471      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7186302      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9730290      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2996518      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2950234      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1591024      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122944      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268341227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1116466     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149027     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144292     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136877176     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2226855      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20094      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14902046      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8463166      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    162489337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565045                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1409786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594885451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189688246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158269422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    163899123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3018792                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109846                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           41                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4182530                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        555674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169309909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16217710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8491232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22426                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1408960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1319745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2728705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159662349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14661186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2826985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23123713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       22574477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8462527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            158269844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           158269422                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        94849459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       254679061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372427                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118029879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    145437182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23873415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2387663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264158697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202615986     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31182690     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11320435      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5649207      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5156664      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172392      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145061      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023077      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2893185      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264158697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    118029879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    145437182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21580300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            13198914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             20220                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         21074824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       130941262                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      3000864                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2893185                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          430575290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         342803767                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3434187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19227524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         118029879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           145437182                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    118029879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.436406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.436406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      718500282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     221133279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     161399766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        40498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23714397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19403587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9817720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9336876                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2449700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228173725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            132610157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23714397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11786576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27680418                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6310471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5481087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13957876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2313489                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    265304574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      237624156     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1293197      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2049243      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2771374      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2856606      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2416591      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1362148      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2004407      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12926852      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    265304574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082465                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      225851308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7823128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27630631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        30568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3968938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3903972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    162711225                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3968938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      226474031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1607518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4792887                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27046210                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1414987                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    162653771                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       193657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       616558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    226934700                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    756722398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    756722398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    196787039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30147659                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        40285                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4206248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15217150                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8251081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1946185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        162454128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       154264231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21092                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17966708                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43052939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265304574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200042466     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26823979     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13584055      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10263191      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8073838      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3266628      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039621      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1070017      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140779      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265304574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29203     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93868     36.69%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132780     51.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129738636     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2306525      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19341      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13974293      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8225436      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    154264231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536443                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            255851                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574109979                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180461898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151968732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    154520082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2433675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          150                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118971                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3968938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1287192                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137033                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162494720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15217150                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1343096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2643899                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152154592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13152261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2109639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 161                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21377381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21620114                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8225120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            151968987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           151968732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        87233932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       235071307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114714799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    141154404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21340349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39011                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2340344                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261335636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203451953     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28682416     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10836940      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5171747      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4351348      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2496838      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2187322      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987223      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3169849      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261335636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    114714799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    141154404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20915585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12783475                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             19462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         20354955                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       127178000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2906610                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3169849                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          420659760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         328958508                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3454391                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              22264177                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         114714799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           141154404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    114714799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      684821185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     211679736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150847285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        38978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23706616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19398446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2314012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9849859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9336615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445627                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       104971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228152294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            132531004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23706616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11782242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27670749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6314018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      5467278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13958797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2316325                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    265260271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      237589522     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1292451      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2048518      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2773309      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2858932      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2416853      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1353443      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2003894      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12923349      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    265260271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      225830701                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7808581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27620386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        31062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3969540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3901481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          387                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    162640874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3969540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      226453393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1601537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4785073                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27036347                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1414378                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    162581585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       193295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       616445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    226834733                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    756359269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    756359269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    196683325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30151395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         4209634                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15227624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8245203                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1936894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        162380372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40424                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       154197673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17968887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43011913                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265260271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200023293     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26811513     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13586227      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10258950      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8066539      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3263362      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039677      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069852      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       140858      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265260271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28998     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96200     37.28%     48.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132871     51.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129689627     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2302449      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19331      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13966880      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8219386      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    154197673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258069                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573934686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180390301                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151891394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    154455742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314521                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2450883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          167                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          619                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117352                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3969540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1281493                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162420962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        64930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15227624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8245203                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          619                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1343611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1304102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2647713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152077378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13144708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2120293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 166                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21363781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21613249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8219073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528838                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            151891644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           151891394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        87198959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       235001344                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114654365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    141080035                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21340958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2343289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261290731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203437856     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28669161     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10832544      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5163112      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4350222      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2492589      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2191018      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987323      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3166906      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261290731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    114654365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    141080035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20904584                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12776735                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         20344209                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       127111022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2905084                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3166906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          420544038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         328811606                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3456370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              22308480                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         114654365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           141080035                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    114654365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398702                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398702                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      684449627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     211579078                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150755968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        38956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21824816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19481057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740817                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14463472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14219300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230509320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124005265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21824816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     15529922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27635014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5727262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3484669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13949774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    265605721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      237970707     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        4206494      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2135526      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        4160819      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1333863      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3843031      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         609222      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         989402      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10356657      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    265605721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      228120308                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5926419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27580367                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        22345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3956278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      2065895                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        20382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138727254                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        38417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3956278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      228390350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3491818                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1592968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27322890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       851413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138525358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       107018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       663638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181569875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    627876721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    627876721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    147090352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34479489                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        18606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9415                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1932669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     24966107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      4067465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       927406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        137812578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128997527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24996599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51194625                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265605721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209062677     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17808119      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18901741      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10979955      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679289      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420667      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680611      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39392      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33270      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265605721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215611     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88074     23.39%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72931     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101166043     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013316      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22775936     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033040      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128997527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448580                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524059671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162828186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125714273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129374143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5117641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3956278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2466219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137831352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24966107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46399                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2589                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673182                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1845920                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127365171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22455805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1632356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           26488628                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19350919                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          4032823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442903                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            125742713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           125714273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76057795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       165742167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100042135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    112660846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25176181                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1729953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261649443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219677052     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16504823      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10572780      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3354389      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5533196      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080952      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686330      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627596      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3612325      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261649443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    100042135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    112660846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             23815283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            19848459                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17275046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        98474607                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1412441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3612325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          395873768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         279633517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               5134007                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              21963030                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         100042135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           112660846                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    100042135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.874476                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.874476                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347889                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347889                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591976061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     163817828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     147295052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287568743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23359621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19150246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9603073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9123295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223091177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132837028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23359621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11521339                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29220732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6497863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7451411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13743827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    263937213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234716481     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3170855      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3663314      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2013914      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2315689      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1272841      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         867516      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2263951      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13652652      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    263937213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221270572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9305572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28978174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       230318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4152573                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3797530                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21321                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    162183117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       105995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4152573                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221622579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3063824                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      5253140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28870897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       974196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    162086453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       247382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       456506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    225265882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    754747481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    754747481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    192398187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32867695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42425                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23674                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2605350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15464156                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8433387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        161848469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152973534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       210705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20200938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46697714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263937213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199496644     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25905281      9.81%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13924953      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9649577      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8432107      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4310242      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043430      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670434      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504545      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263937213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         38973     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142858     43.25%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148497     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128048933     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2394014      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18736      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14138011      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8373840      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152973534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570425314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182093362                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150436668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    153303862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       387085                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2717013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          971                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1461                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9369                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4152573                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2512323                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       160590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161891103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15464156                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8433387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1461                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1324791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1285202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2609993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150718880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13276633                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2254654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21648245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21090423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8371612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            150438675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           150436668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        89401599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       234212241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112980671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    138613376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23278950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37785                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2301713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259784640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203173454     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26248833     10.10%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10999945      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6610520      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4577322      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2956281      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1534345      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1235190      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2448750      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259784640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112980671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    138613376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20993635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12747143                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19839219                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124964204                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2820102                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2448750                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          419227462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         327937311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3416850                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23631530                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112980671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           138613376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112980671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.545292                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.545292                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392882                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392882                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      679868593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     208787430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     151342855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37750                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       21828957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19483929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1739924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14479109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14220230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1311145                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52084                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230483567                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124016152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          21828957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     15531375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27637587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5724558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3491985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13948426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708028                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    265587999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      237950412     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        4206979      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2135378      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        4161604      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1333806      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3843135      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         609052      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         989727      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10357906      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    265587999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      228101980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5926190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27583081                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        22304                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3954440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      2067009                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        20391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    138741738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        38448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3954440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      228371176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3500904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1586028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27325888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       849559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    138540330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       107064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       661398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    181594159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    627945648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    627945648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    147119277                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34474877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        18592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9399                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1931147                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     24966440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      4068360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       927741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        137827003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18654                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129016835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24991122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51173887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265587999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209040469     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17806215      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18904425      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10982251      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679170      2.14%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420353      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1682493      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39370      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33253      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265587999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215837     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88274     23.41%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72957     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101181990     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013493      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9195      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22777680     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4034477      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129016835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377068                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524081249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162837133                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125735079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129393903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       103458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115887                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3954440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2479807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137845763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24966440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4068360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46318                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2622                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171893                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       673214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1845107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127385334                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22456907                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 106                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           26491160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19355229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          4034253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.442973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            125763730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           125735079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76069201                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       165777122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458864                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100059255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    112681617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25169765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1729062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261633559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219655794     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16507185      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10573931      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3353386      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5534141      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080571      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686945      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627525      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3614081      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261633559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    100059255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    112681617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             23818510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            19850550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9253                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17278053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        98493222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1412830                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3614081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          395870483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         279660363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5133612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21980752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         100059255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           112681617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    100059255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.873985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.873985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.347949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.347949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      592065098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     163847978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     147308784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        18524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22322250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20142351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1171867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8773361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7993579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236075                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52095                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236864792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140442902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22322250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9229654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27781885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3666440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5797826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13596601                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1178216                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    272909689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      245127804     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         994569      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2025645      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         858215      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4620443      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        4111464      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         801752      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1661502      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12708295      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    272909689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      235538371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7138493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27680501                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        87589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2464730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1959118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    164691134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2464730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      235775984                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5184209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1206335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27546842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       731584                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    164605796                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       312506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       264735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5859                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    193242913                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    775341651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    775341651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171585810                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       21657084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        19098                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9631                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1843134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     38863068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     19662433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       178671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       951201                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        164287335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       158064908                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81522                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12519855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29855714                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272909689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216747618     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16815431      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13805742      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5966009      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7560176      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7326716      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4155019      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328256      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204722      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272909689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399668     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3118986     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90220      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99143594     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1379042      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9466      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37913134     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19619672     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    158064908                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549660                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3608874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592729901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176830383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156718366                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161673782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285710                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1483937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          645                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4041                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13995                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2464730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4766711                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164306586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38863068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19662433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          124                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4041                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       687841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       687426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1375267                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156959200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37784907                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1105708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           57402828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20564003                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         19617921                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            156723148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           156718366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84637873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       166700728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127362609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    149673186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14649294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19082                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1197868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270444959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216187531     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19786672      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9285531      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9186057      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497624      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10688825      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798722      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581648      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1432349      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270444959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    127362609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    149673186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             56923674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            37379124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19764604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       133095963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1449730                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1432349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          433334700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         331109954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               5195544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              14659062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         127362609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           149673186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    127362609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.257874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.257874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442894                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442894                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      776021263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     181980706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     196163313                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        19052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22316317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20135617                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1173242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8819090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7997286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1235890                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51958                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236848195                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            140395380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22316317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9233176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27773294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3667721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5808856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13596217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1179582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    272895413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      245122119     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         993119      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2029746      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         852832      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4619129      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        4110874      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         803832      0.29%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1662189      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12701573      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    272895413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      235512949                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7158316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27672198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        87336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2464609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1959877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    164637270                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2478                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2464609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      235752193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       5197627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1208859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27536552                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       735568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    164552309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       311598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       266854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6836                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    193182496                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    775094649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    775094649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171537939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       21644542                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        19109                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9643                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1854745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     38852137                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     19657088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       178757                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       952221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        164238898                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       158024832                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81619                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12507962                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29820463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272895413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216746660     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16813005      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13804270      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5961369      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7558298      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7322395      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4156673      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327969      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204774      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272895413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399564     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3118154     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90261      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99120846     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1378495      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9464      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37902409     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19613618     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    158024832                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.549520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3607979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592634675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176770091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156677663                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    161632811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285067                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1484260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          682                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4073                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118372                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13999                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2464609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4779894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164258166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38852137                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19657088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4073                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       688060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       687543                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1375603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156918924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37773699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1105908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           57385540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20559518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         19611841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.545674                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            156682524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           156677663                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84612332                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       166652127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507718                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127326197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    149630511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14642924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19078                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1199247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270430804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216188428     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19780978      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9284180      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9182081      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497574      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10685615      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798708      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581609      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1431631      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270430804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    127326197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    149630511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             56906589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            37367873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19758988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       133058053                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1449344                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1431631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          433272218                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         331011753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5195770                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              14673338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         127326197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           149630511                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    127326197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.258520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.258520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.442768                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.442768                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      775818012                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     181938494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     196098495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        19048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22355599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20171786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1170039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8449869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7998353                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    237072992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            140667749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22355599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9236028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27818850                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3671487                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5815890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13606219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176304                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    273179938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      245361088     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         993536      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2030796      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         855452      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4625652      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        4112776      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         801314      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1666327      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12732997      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    273179938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077740                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489162                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      235741808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7161198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27718034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        87153                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2471740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1963117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    164948841                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2471740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      235981836                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5200417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1210595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27581544                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       733801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    164864321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       311524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       266884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4375                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    193545791                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    776565851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    776565851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171817105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       21728670                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        19133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9650                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1855822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     38910906                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     19688845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179362                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       957658                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        164545723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       158267772                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12584944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30140003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273179938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216968715     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16812884      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13817564      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5972203      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7575524      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7335622      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4164131      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328201      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205094      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273179938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400817     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3123235     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90293      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99269134     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1382488      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9479      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37960702     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19645969     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    158267772                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3614345                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593411752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177153903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156920469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    161882117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          646                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4050                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14016                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2471740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4785408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164565008                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38910906                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19688845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9654                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4050                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       683822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1372675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157161249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37831907                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1106521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           57476372                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20589900                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         19644465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            156925205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           156920469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84741644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       166922126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127535230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    149875721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14705418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1195872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270708198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216380632     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19810242      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9297547      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9199106      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499904      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10703930      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799004      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582887      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434946      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270708198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    127535230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    149875721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             57001635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            37430340                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9540                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19791236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       133276041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1451629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1434946                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          433854001                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         331634262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5196890                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              14388813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         127535230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           149875721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    127535230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.254818                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.254818                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443495                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443495                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      777006551                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     182209967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     196459801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        19080                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       26017857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21667169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2369660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10240811                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9548767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2800532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226700175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            142807220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          26017857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12349299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29775449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6573183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7815876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14075248                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2264545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    268473538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      238698089     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1825435      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2314246      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3669171      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1533864      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1976635      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2309057      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1051241      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       15095800      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    268473538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496602                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      225369166                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9275269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        29632447                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        15314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4181337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3954677                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          701                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    174513108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3256                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4181337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      225598797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        730280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7905569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        29418426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       639119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    173435108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        92371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       445945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    242241975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    806587430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    806587430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    202975588                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       39266375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        42538                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22429                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2246096                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     16225206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8494852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1979170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        169351463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       162579819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       156843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20358849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41280689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268473538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199546409     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31431362     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12905391      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7191570      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9733334      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2999289      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2953150      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589980      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123053      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268473538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119017     79.24%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148951     10.55%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144295     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136953895     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2227639      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20108      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14911226      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8466951      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    162579819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565360                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1412264                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595202282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189753878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158361834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    163992083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121718                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017049                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107600                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           48                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4181337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        554794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169394159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16225206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8494852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22429                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1412148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1317396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2729544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159754040                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14669644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2825778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23135934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22587413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8466290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            158362257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           158361834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        94905845                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       254846876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118112791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    145539318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23855500                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40560                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2389765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264292201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202704996     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31205875     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11328484      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5653131      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5160719      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2174055      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2145767      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1024063      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895111      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264292201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    118112791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    145539318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21595409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13208157                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             20234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         21089639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       131033198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3002967                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2895111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          430791089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         342971022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3437591                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19095213                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         118112791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           145539318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    118112791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.434696                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.434696                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      718924110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     221264336                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     161469355                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        40526                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23283697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19038854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9861172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9209624                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398537                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101414                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226143329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            132046101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23283697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11608161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27687940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6567657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3986986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13901476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290511                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    262063675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      234375735     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1501254      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2374901      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3766077      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1574001      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1770894      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1860253      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1219432      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13621128      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    262063675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.080967                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      224082816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6063678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27601819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        70446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4244914                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3820310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    161269411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4244914                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      224411837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1961835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3133563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27349701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       961823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    161180202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        30566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       278434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       358791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47238                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    223777613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    749782931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    749782931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    191370945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       32406656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        40996                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22491                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2892179                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15368018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8259045                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249736                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1875487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        160962919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41111                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       152490055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186939                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20204956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44687910                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3797                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262063675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197750248     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25813164      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14128801      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9618418      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8991905      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2597885      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2007298      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684446      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       471510      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262063675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35534     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109611     38.64%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138524     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127745784     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2407510      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18500      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14097688      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8220573      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    152490055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530273                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283669                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567514393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181210655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150053943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    152773724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2738801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          375                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1703                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231107                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9505                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4244914                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1309173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161004183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15368018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8259045                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22471                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101290                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1703                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1292201                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2622520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150333959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13263566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2156096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21482208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21158488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8218642                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            150055080                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           150053943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        87740825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       229171219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112406846                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    137780058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23224360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37314                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2320632                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257818761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201882520     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27089517     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10547879      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5680840      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4258149      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2374594      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1463066      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309267      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3212929      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257818761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112406846                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    137780058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20657155                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12629217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18616                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19777322                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       124150072                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2798650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3212929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          415609496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         326253981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3646649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              25505076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112406846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           137780058                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112406846                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.558285                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.558285                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390887                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390887                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      677968959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     208013902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150423153                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23392819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19180952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2288829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9637417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9135141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2398770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102840                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223162992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            132970042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23392819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11533911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29246077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6505549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7440882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13747415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    264031258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      234785181     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3169708      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3669474      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2014656      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2319724      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1273628      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         867358      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2268807      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13662722      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    264031258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      221358453                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9279843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        29003477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       229491                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4159990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3800035                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        21317                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    162327202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts       105107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4159990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      221710079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3269951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      5023304                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28895810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       972120                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    162230155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       248828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       453855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           69                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    225465664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    755370555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    755370555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    192488921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       32976695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        42185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2598353                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15477400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8435154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222678                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872029                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        161989946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       153066233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20278877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46893192                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    264031258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199549924     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25921870      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13935259      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9655937      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8434423      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4315268      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042713      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       671188      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504676      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    264031258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39904     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142790     43.16%     55.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148122     44.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128129842     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2395661      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18745      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14145000      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8376985      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    153066233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330816                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570706632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182312530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150529124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    153397049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       386535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2724275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          936                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1449                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9376                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4159990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2708793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       164805                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162032336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15477400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8435154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1449                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1324476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1287401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2611877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150811225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13283801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2255005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21658835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       21104503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8375034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            150531501                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           150529124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        89462058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       234354062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523454                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113034007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    138678655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23355087                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37805                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2301986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259871268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203226148     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26266280     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11008947      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6613277      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4580211      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2957270      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1535410      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234804      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2448921      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259871268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    113034007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    138678655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21003503                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12753122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19848513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       125023051                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2821405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2448921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          419455335                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         328227600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3416384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              23537493                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         113034007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           138678655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    113034007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.544091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.544091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393068                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393068                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      680276273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     208920843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     151485559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        37770                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22357749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20173741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1170180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468315                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7999553                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237024                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51747                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    237044149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            140650115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22357749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9236577                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27817724                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3673751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5813015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13604882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1176361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    273149207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      245331483     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         995581      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2032518      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         852999      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4626875      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        4113390      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         798120      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1664640      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12733601      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    273149207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077747                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      235713424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7157895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27716690                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        87331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2473862                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1963268                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    164928556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2420                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2473862                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      235952036                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       5201305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1209139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27582071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       730789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    164843874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       311711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       265263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4383                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    193519283                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    776448806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    776448806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171790578                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       21728705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        19127                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9648                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1845903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     38905933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     19684403                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179350                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       952435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        164526639                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       158245834                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82378                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12595246                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30157298                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273149207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216945070     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16810550      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13818157      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5970102      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7572323      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7337295      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4162082      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328619      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205009      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273149207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400693     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3122656     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90299      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99257887     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381866      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9478      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37954847     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19641756     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    158245834                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550289                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3613648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593336901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177145090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156896626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    161859482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1482857                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          632                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4025                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14016                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2473862                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       4786274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208769                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164545937                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38905933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19684403                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9649                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4025                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690592                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1373190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157139289                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37825599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1106545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 111                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           57465796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20588465                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         19640197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            156901459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           156896626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        84727349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       166891673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507679                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127513945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    149851085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14710751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19106                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1196048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270675345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216357263     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19807531      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9294186      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9198830      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499668      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10700740      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799424      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581848      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435855      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270675345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    127513945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    149851085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             56990640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            37423076                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9538                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19788102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       133254190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1451468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1435855                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          433800936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         331597757                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5196920                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              14419544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         127513945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           149851085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    127513945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.255195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.255195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      776884674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     182185087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     196429946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        19076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287568751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23712628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19402935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9792745                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9334532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446435                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228090480                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            132600413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23712628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11780967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27676520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6312064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5467732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13952951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2312229                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    265206971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      237530451     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1291664      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2047537      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2772456      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2858305      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2415252      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1356375      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2004506      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12930425      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    265206971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082459                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      225767251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7810714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27626419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        30753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3971833                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3903068                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    162703307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3971833                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      226390117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1600395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4787402                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27042098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1415123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    162645355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       193564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       616802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    226919106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    756676425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    756676425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    196717105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30201984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        40148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         4206770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15220163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8249291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1947131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        162443534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40291                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       154227040                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21037                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18010493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43177692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1296                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265206971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199960000     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26816522     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13583226      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10262235      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8068605      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3266799      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039612      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068502      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141470      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265206971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29254     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95322     37.04%     48.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132795     51.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129709311     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2306078      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19334      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13968547      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8223770      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    154227040                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536314                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573939458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180494940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151931686                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    154484411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2441235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          176                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          626                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120068                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3971833                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1279613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137370                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162483988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15220163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115817                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          626                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1340820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2642270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152117334                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13147640                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2109705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 163                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21371111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21615511                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8223471                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            151931916                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           151931686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        87219719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       235041313                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114673980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    141104222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21379802                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38995                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2339046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261235138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203368969     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28677859     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10831316      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5167031      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4353307      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494010      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2187009      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987790      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3167847      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261235138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    114673980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    141104222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20908151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12778928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         20347737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       127132773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2905581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3167847                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          420550535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         328939953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3452914                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22361780                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         114673980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           141104222                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    114673980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.507707                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.507707                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      684637136                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     211627271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150832510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        38962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         387125                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.740139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2424390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         419891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.773856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           222.077219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.222901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1540.517851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.400147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1623.266811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.179111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1005.753029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.479252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1189.271933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.575435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1221.270652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.020576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1533.161663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.186930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1685.484714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.399520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1524.200616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.274176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2525.565300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.451613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2571.992712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.490584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2523.160488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.370752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   981.389775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.302678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2189.709988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.262250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1689.193492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.344984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2544.415586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.567514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1209.276945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           279.891506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           336.687826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           230.025792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           291.988857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           271.925123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           304.066665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           308.112411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           303.651121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           328.155876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           298.562309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           373.155438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           274.364466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           379.739304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           337.194856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           357.576324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           269.405067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.047013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.030693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.036294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.037270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.046788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.051437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.046515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.077074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.078491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.077001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.029950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.066825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.051550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.077649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.036904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.007020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.008222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        54949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        56298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        56131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  663615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           208550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                208550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        56382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        56217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   665848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        55309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        56382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        56217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  665848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                386911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 386992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                386992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5643940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3683910935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6130568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3771682630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2158910441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6746111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2688853619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7024310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2695199300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5217873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3620808764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3789265768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5296419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3637904554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6191711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6173269978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6852305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6217541091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7037847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5996848805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6719593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2030729574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6001730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5449893586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6129686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3693742086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6158132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6035082101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2739770371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64483773780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       309412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       234800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2741058                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       213395                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       307978                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       323383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2741453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1814265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       999343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2941273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       165134                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       682398                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13473892                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5643940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3684220347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6130568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3771917430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2161651499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6746111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2688853619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7024310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2695199300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5217873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3621022159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3789573746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5296419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3638227937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6191711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6176011431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6852305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6219355356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7037847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5997848148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6719593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2033670847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6001730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5449893586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6129686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3693907220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6158132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6035764499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2739770371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      64497247672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5643940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3684220347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6130568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3771917430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2161651499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6746111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2688853619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7024310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2695199300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5217873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3621022159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6186541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3789573746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5296419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3638227937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6191711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6176011431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6852305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6219355356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7037847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5997848148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6719593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2033670847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6001730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5449893586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6129686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3693907220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6158132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6035764499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6933334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2739770371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     64497247672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1050526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       208550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            208550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1052840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        41635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        46747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        46724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        62427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        62444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        46733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1052840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.368302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.064885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.024390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.177778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.122222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.068182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.044444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.035004                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.309427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.309427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161255.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165502.086122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161330.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168258.504193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164596.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167799.661200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160621.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166688.588370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163356.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166493.655794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153466.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166115.005001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162803.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168165.169662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151326.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.814996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158761.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166015.059244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180323.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166160.001363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171654.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166002.735087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159990.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167787.290259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162208.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167544.687223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161307.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168226.173248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162056.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165789.849486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166308.751426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166663.066648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       154706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       234800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 161238.705882                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       213395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       153989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 161691.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 171340.812500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164933.181818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166557.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163404.055556                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       165134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 170599.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166344.345679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161255.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165501.116167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161330.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168261.472543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164596.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167791.003571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160621.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166688.588370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163356.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166493.655794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153466.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166117.174007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162803.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168163.911515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151326.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.420351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158761.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166017.349829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180323.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166159.640823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171654.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166002.827157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159990.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167780.781041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162208.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167544.687223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161307.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168226.032426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162056.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165790.377932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166308.751426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166662.999938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161255.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165501.116167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161330.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168261.472543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164596.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167791.003571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160621.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166688.588370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163356.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166493.655794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153466.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166117.174007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162803.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 168163.911515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151326.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.420351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158761.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166017.349829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 180323.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166159.640823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171654.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166002.827157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159990.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167780.781041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162208.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167544.687223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161307.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 168226.032426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162056.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165790.377932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173333.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 166308.751426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166662.999938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               105518                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    105518                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           386911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            386992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        22417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        12883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        16131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        21798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        22535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        21958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        36406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           386992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3608785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2387407692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3916286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2466299598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3936103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1409714976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4303834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1749593501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4523123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1752493893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3240643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2351249480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3974921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2477061193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3261197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2361497647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3918791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4008863352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4644376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4039673559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4653600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3894062442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4273813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1326001638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3847014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3555878324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3917655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2415079047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3950260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3916384476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1780513191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41956351723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       177000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1750068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       155165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       190651                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       207768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1810099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1173549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       648952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1894743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       106338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       448663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8755654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3608785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2387600350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3916286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2466476598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3936103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1411465044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4303834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1749593501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4523123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1752493893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3240643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2351404645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3974921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2477251844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3261197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2361705415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3918791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4010673451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4644376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4040847108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4653600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3894711394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4273813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1327896381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3847014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3555878324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3917655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2415185385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3950260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3916833139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1780513191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41965107377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3608785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2387600350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3916286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2466476598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3936103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1411465044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4303834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1749593501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4523123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1752493893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3240643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2351404645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3974921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2477251844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3261197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2361705415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3918791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4010673451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4644376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4040847108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4653600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3894711394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4273813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1327896381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3847014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3555878324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3917655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2415185385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3950260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3916833139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4607313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1780513191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41965107377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.405108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.347801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.064885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.024390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.177778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.122222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.068182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.044444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.309427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.309427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.404832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103108.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107255.837729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103060.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110024.072002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106381.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109569.017255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102472.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108461.564751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105188.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108258.827094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95313.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107870.325274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104603.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109930.377358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93177.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107766.971524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100481.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107808.615087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 122220.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107957.817125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 113502.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107794.116042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101757.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109559.748657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103973.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109317.459543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103096.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109991.303320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103954.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107587.068732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108080.198555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108439.283771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        96329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       177000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102945.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       155165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95325.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       103884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113131.187500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106686.272727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108158.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105263.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       106338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112165.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108094.493827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103108.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107254.856026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103060.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110027.059731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106381.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109560.276644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102472.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108461.564751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105188.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108258.827094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95313.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107872.494954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104603.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109929.081163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93177.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107766.617157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100481.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107810.904304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 122220.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107957.443441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 113502.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107794.176580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101757.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109553.368616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103973.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109317.459543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103096.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109991.136943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103954.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107587.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108080.198555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108439.211604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103108.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107254.856026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103060.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110027.059731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 106381.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109560.276644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 102472.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108461.564751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 105188.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108258.827094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95313.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107872.494954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104603.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109929.081163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93177.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107766.617157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100481.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107810.904304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 122220.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107957.443441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 113502.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107794.176580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 101757.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109553.368616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 103973.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109317.459543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 103096.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109991.136943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 103954.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107587.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 115182.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108080.198555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108439.211604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.417466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013977651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801026.023091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.276536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.140930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.054930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13945382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13945382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13945382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13945382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7359929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7359929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7359929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7359929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7359929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7359929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13945426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13945426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13945426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13945426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167271.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167271.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167271.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167271.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167271.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167271.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6218709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6218709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6218709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6218709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6218709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6218709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172741.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172741.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172741.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172741.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 172741.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172741.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243203924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.964328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.514604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.485396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.783260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.216740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20494485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20494485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24441338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24441338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24441338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24441338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       216964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       216964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25051276577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25051276577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33722765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33722765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25084999342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25084999342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25084999342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25084999342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24658302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24658302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115660.067116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115660.067116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91142.608108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91142.608108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115618.256218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115618.256218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115618.256218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115618.256218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6615019323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6615019323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5548606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5548606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6620567929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6620567929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6620567929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6620567929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106101.743865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106101.743865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69357.575000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69357.575000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106054.655576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106054.655576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106054.655576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106054.655576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.115412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088418638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2089095.274472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.115412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13750811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13750811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13750811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13750811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13750811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13750811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8165600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8165600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8165600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8165600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8165600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8165600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13750860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13750860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13750860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13750860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13750860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13750860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166644.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166644.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166644.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166644.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166644.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166644.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6743077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6743077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6743077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6743077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172899.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172899.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172899.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172899.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172899.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172899.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186266748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2954.317245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.252741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.747259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9676089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9676089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8198651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8198651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18867                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17874740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17874740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17874740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17874740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       213470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       213470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       217392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       217392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       217392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       217392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28180676318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28180676318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    502274241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    502274241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28682950559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28682950559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28682950559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28682950559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9889559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9889559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8202573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8202573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18092132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18092132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18092132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18092132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132012.349829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132012.349829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128065.844212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128065.844212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131941.150360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131941.150360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131941.150360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131941.150360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           21219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       150852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       154599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       154599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6719597907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6719597907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11949140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11949140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6731547047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6731547047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6731547047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6731547047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107310.963413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107310.963413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68280.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68280.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107202.188890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107202.188890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107202.188890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107202.188890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              492.373469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1090189575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2202403.181818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.373469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14065561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14065561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14065561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       14065561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     14065561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      14065561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8661503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8661503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8661503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8661503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8661503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8661503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14065612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14065612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14065612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     14065612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     14065612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     14065612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169833.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169833.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169833.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169833.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169833.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169833.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6897871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6897871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6897871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6897871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172446.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172446.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172446.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172446.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172446.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172446.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                41635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              177961558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4248.205056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.465088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.534912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11230309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11230309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8337583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8337583                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19567892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19567892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19567892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19567892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       106700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       109323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       109323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       109323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11719012430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11719012430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188897449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188897449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11907909879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11907909879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  11907909879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11907909879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11337009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11337009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8340206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8340206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        22100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20249                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19677215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19677215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19677215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19677215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109831.419213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109831.419213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72015.802135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72015.802135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108924.104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108924.104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108924.104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108924.104525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       228250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38041.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        65327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        41635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4199540752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199540752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21573665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21573665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4221114417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4221114417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4221114417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4221114417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101504.380925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101504.380925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82342.232824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82342.232824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101383.797694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.797694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101383.797694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.797694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.605669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1087093358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2094592.211946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.605669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13957821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13957821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13957821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13957821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13957821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9713708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9713708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9713708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9713708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9713708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9713708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13957876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13957876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13957876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176612.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176612.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176612.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176612.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 176612.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176612.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7962122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7962122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7962122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7962122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7962122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7962122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180957.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180957.318182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180957.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180957.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 180957.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180957.318182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                46747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              179939044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                47003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3828.245942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.499197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.500803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9614202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9614202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8093680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8093680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20804                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19489                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17707882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17707882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17707882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17707882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       149780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       150801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       150801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       150801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       150801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18656988302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18656988302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     88882736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88882736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18745871038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18745871038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18745871038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18745871038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9763982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9763982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8094701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8094701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20804                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17858683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17858683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17858683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17858683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124562.613847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124562.613847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 87054.589618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87054.589618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124308.665314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124308.665314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124308.665314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124308.665314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       103206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       104054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       104054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        46747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4900898721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4900898721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11620729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11620729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4912519450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4912519450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4912519450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4912519450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105228.211470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105228.211470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67171.843931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67171.843931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105087.373521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105087.373521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105087.373521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105087.373521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.938796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1087094279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2086553.318618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    44.938796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.072017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13958742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13958742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13958742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13958742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13958742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13958742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9760802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9760802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9760802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9760802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9760802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9760802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13958797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13958797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13958797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13958797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13958797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13958797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177469.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177469.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177469.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177469.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177469.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177469.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8169010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8169010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8169010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8169010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8169010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8169010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177587.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177587.173913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177587.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177587.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177587.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177587.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                46724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              179932123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                46980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3829.972818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.498715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.501285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9611469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9611469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8089490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8089490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17700959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17700959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17700959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17700959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       149557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       150530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       150530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       150530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       150530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18662499046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18662499046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     84602682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84602682                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18747101728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18747101728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18747101728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18747101728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9761026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9761026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8090463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8090463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        20817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17851489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17851489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17851489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17851489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124785.192575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124785.192575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86950.341213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86950.341213                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124540.634611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124540.634611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124540.634611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124540.634611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        46724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4903506692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4903506692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11216861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11216861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4914723553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4914723553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4914723553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4914723553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105322.651631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105322.651631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67166.832335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67166.832335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105186.275854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105186.275854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105186.275854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105186.275854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.802475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013982000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1804238.434164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.785495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.016980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13949731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13949731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13949731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13949731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13949731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13949731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6706611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6706611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6706611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6706611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13949774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13949774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13949774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13949774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13949774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13949774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155967.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155967.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155967.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155967.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5665301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5665301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5665301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5665301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5665301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5665301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161865.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161865.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161865.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161865.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161865.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161865.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                62427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              243215687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                62683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3880.090088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   199.826711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    56.173289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.780573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.219427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20505393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20505393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3947696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24453089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       24453089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     24453089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      24453089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       216416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       216818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       216818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       216818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       216818                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24925554788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24925554788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36880345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36880345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24962435133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24962435133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24962435133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24962435133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20721809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20721809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3948098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24669907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24669907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     24669907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24669907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115174.269869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115174.269869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91742.151741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91742.151741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115130.824622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115130.824622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115130.824622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115130.824622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       154391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6579066619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6579066619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5783905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5783905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6584850524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6584850524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6584850524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6584850524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105528.464953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105528.464953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69685.602410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69685.602410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105480.809970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105480.809970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105480.809970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105480.809970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.677184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088411605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2089081.775432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.677184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13743778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13743778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13743778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13743778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13743778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13743778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8042791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8042791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8042791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8042791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8042791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8042791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13743827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13743827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13743827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13743827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13743827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13743827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164138.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164138.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164138.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164138.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164138.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164138.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6668643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6668643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6668643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6668643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170990.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170990.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170990.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170990.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170990.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170990.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186285164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2938.808039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.253270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.746730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9690748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9690748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8202269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8202269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20014                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17893017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17893017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17893017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17893017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       214867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       214867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       218791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       218791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       218791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       218791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28419904279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28419904279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502583447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    502583447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28922487726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28922487726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28922487726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28922487726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9905615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9905615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8206193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8206193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20014                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18111808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18111808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18111808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18111808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132267.422540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132267.422540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 128079.369776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128079.369776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132192.310132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132192.310132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132192.310132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132192.310132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           21709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       151911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       151911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6757460936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6757460936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12139428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12139428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6769600364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6769600364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6769600364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6769600364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107336.249698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107336.249698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68974.022727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68974.022727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107229.303111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107229.303111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107229.303111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107229.303111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              560.124825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1013980652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1801031.353464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.056413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.068412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13948383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13948383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13948383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13948383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13948383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13948383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6774363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6774363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6774363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6774363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6774363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6774363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13948426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13948426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13948426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13948426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13948426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13948426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157543.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157543.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157543.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157543.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157543.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157543.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5823914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5823914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5823914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5823914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5823914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5823914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161775.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161775.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161775.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161775.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161775.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161775.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                62444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              243215498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                62700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3879.035056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   200.301017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    55.698983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.782426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.217574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20504081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20504081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3948836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3948836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24452917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       24452917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     24452917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      24452917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       216891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       217284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       217284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       217284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       217284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25028027422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25028027422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35627532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35627532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25063654954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25063654954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  25063654954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25063654954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20720972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20720972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3949229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3949229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9307                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24670201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24670201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     24670201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24670201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115394.495032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115394.495032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90655.297710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90655.297710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115349.749425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115349.749425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 115349.749425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115349.749425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       154529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       154840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       154840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        62444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6590562125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6590562125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5788693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6596350818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6596350818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6596350818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6596350818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105682.340608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105682.340608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70593.817073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70593.817073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105636.263180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105636.263180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105636.263180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105636.263180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.994491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1121123866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1923025.499142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.686296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.308196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13596548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13596548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13596548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13596548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13596548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9134577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9134577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9134577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9134577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9134577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9134577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13596601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13596601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13596601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13596601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13596601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13596601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172350.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172350.509434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172350.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172350.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 172350.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172350.509434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7101114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7101114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7101114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7101114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177527.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177527.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177527.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177527.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 177527.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177527.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                92510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              490405145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                92766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5286.475056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.916205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.083795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     35655764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35655764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19524916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19524916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55180680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       55180680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55180680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      55180680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       326921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       327220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       327220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  39982651954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39982651954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32355964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32355964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  40015007918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40015007918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  40015007918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40015007918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     35982685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35982685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19525215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19525215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55507900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55507900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55507900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55507900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122300.653534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122300.653534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108213.926421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108213.926421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122287.781670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122287.781670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122287.781670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122287.781670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           15620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       234501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       234710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       234710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234710                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10431547341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10431547341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8165487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8165487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10439712828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10439712828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10439712828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10439712828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112871.103019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112871.103019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90727.633333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90727.633333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112849.560350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112849.560350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112849.560350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112849.560350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              579.128554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1121123484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1926329.010309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.103315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.025239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13596166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13596166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9709050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9709050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9709050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9709050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9709050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9709050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13596217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13596217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13596217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 190373.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190373.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 190373.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190373.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 190373.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190373.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7983625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7983625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7983625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7983625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7983625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7983625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 204708.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204708.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 204708.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204708.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 204708.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204708.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                92458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              490389845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                92714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5289.275029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.916481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.083519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     35646297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35646297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19519089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19519089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9529                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55165386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       55165386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55165386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      55165386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       326464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       326464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39927107815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39927107815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     29785357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29785357                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39956893172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39956893172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39956893172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39956893172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     35972465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35972465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19519385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19519385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55491850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55491850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55491850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55491850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122412.706995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122412.706995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100626.206081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100626.206081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122392.953502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122392.953502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122392.953502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122392.953502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           15384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       233800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       233800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       234006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       234006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10459980393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10459980393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7568141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7568141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10467548534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10467548534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10467548534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10467548534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113242.469178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113242.469178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84090.455556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84090.455556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113214.092172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113214.092172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113214.092172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113214.092172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.530456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1121133480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1916467.487179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.425141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.105314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13606162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13606162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13606162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13606162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13606162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13606162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10672210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10672210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10672210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10672210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10672210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10672210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13606219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13606219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13606219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13606219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13606219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13606219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187231.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187231.754386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187231.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187231.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 187231.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187231.754386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8216704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8216704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8216704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195635.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195635.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195635.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195635.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 195635.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195635.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                92513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              490478026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                92769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5287.089717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.915913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.084087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     35701894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35701894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19551638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19551638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9548                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9548                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     55253532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       55253532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     55253532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      55253532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       327450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       327745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       327745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       327745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       327745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39679607822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39679607822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28430610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28430610                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39708038432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39708038432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39708038432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39708038432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     36029344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36029344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19551933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19551933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9548                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9548                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9540                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     55581277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55581277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     55581277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55581277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121177.608252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121177.608252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96374.949153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96374.949153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121155.283626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121155.283626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121155.283626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121155.283626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           16875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10310452001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10310452001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7185427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7185427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10317637428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10317637428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10317637428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10317637428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111557.209796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111557.209796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79838.077778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79838.077778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111526.352275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111526.352275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111526.352275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111526.352275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.757700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1090199204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2180398.408000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.757700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.065317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14075190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14075190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14075190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14075190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14075190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14075190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9631134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9631134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9631134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9631134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9631134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9631134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14075248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14075248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14075248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14075248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14075248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14075248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166054.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166054.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166054.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166054.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166054.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166054.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7434741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7434741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7434741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7434741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7434741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7434741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165216.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165216.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165216.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165216.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165216.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165216.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                41624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              177973004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4249.594174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.466895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.533105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11235904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11235904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8343408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8343408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20263                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20263                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19579312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19579312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19579312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19579312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       106753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       109389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       109389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       109389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       109389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11528268610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11528268610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191624860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    191624860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11719893470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11719893470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11719893470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11719893470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11342657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11342657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8346044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8346044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        22112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19688701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19688701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19688701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19688701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107990.113720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107990.113720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72695.318665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72695.318665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107139.597857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107139.597857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107139.597857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107139.597857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       485051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37311.615385                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4112193600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112193600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21808175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21808175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4134001775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134001775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4134001775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134001775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99424.410058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99424.410058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82606.723485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82606.723485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99317.743970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99317.743970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 99317.743970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99317.743970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              526.997871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1093087903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2070242.240530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.997871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13901426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13901426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13901426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13901426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13901426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13901426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8041634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8041634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8041634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8041634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8041634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8041634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13901476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13901476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13901476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13901476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13901476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13901476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160832.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160832.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160832.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160832.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160832.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160832.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6450700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6450700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6450700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6450700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169755.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169755.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169755.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169755.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169755.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169755.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                82105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              194791192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                82361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2365.090176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.382463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.617537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.915556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.084444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9641250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9641250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7989360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7989360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17630610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17630610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17630610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17630610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       209243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       210159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       210159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       210159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       210159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25697110750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25697110750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     78530779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78530779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25775641529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25775641529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25775641529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25775641529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9850493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9850493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7990276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7990276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22276                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17840769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17840769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17840769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17840769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122809.894477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122809.894477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85732.291485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85732.291485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122648.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122648.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122648.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122648.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       128054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       128054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       128054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       128054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9117319162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117319162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10172066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10172066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9127491228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9127491228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9127491228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9127491228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111250.584628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111250.584628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66921.486842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66921.486842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111168.518702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111168.518702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111168.518702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111168.518702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.433935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1088415194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2089088.664107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.433935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13747367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13747367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13747367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13747367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13747367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13747367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7901159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7901159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7901159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7901159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7901159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7901159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13747415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13747415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13747415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13747415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13747415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13747415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164607.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164607.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164607.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164607.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164607.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164607.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6698763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6698763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6698763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6698763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171763.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171763.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171763.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171763.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171763.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171763.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                63306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              186293835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                63562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2930.899515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.252592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.747408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.915049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.084951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9695696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9695696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8206126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8206126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18885                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17901822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17901822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17901822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17901822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       216368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       220303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       220303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       220303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       220303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28515610361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28515610361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    504077992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    504077992                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29019688353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29019688353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29019688353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29019688353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9912064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9912064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8210061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8210061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18885                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18122125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18122125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18122125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18122125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131792.179809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131792.179809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 128101.141550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128101.141550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131726.251358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131726.251358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131726.251358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131726.251358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           21550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       153237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       156997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       156997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        63131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        63306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        63306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6704011015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6704011015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11803282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11803282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6715814297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6715814297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6715814297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6715814297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106192.061190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.061190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67447.325714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67447.325714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106084.957145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106084.957145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106084.957145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106084.957145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.961216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1121132150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1926343.900344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.902173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.059043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.060741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13604832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13604832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13604832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13604832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13604832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13604832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9097196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9097196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9097196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9097196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9097196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9097196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13604882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13604882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13604882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13604882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13604882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13604882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181943.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181943.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181943.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181943.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 181943.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181943.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7349910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7349910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7349910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7349910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7349910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7349910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188459.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188459.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188459.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188459.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188459.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188459.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                92623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              490467190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                92879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5280.711356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.916302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.083698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     35694780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35694780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19547921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19547921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9538                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9538                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55242701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       55242701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55242701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      55242701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       327906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       328190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       328190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39794809051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39794809051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26128165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26128165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39820937216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39820937216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  39820937216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39820937216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     36022686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36022686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19548205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19548205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9538                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55570891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55570891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55570891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55570891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121360.417470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121360.417470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92000.580986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92000.580986                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121335.010866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121335.010866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121335.010866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121335.010866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           16495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       235373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       235567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       235567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10346554257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10346554257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6710821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6710821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10353265078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10353265078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10353265078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10353265078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111814.749949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111814.749949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74564.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74564.677778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111778.554765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111778.554765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111778.554765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111778.554765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.868855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1087088437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2098626.326255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    41.868855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13952900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13952900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13952900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13952900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13952900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13952900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9760451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9760451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9760451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9760451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9760451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9760451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13952951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13952951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13952951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13952951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13952951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13952951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191381.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191381.392157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191381.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191381.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191381.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191381.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8128638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8128638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8128638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8128638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8128638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8128638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189038.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189038.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189038.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189038.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 189038.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189038.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                46733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              179933374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                46989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3829.265871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.498260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.501740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9611486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9611486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8090875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8090875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17702361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17702361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17702361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17702361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       149764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       150720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       150720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       150720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       150720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18779236716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18779236716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84373141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84373141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18863609857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18863609857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18863609857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18863609857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9761250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9761250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8091831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8091831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        20663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17853081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17853081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17853081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17853081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125392.195160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125392.195160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88256.423640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88256.423640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125156.647140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125156.647140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125156.647140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125156.647140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        46733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4935545954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4935545954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11268770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11268770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4946814724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4946814724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4946814724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4946814724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105985.783242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105985.783242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68295.575758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68295.575758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105852.710590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105852.710590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105852.710590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105852.710590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
