
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 386978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   503191                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67757012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30499.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11802539322                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346923444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        68992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               428416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       148736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            148736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     61161402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               379790744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34041596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         131854450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              131854450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         131854450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     61161402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              511645194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         189160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1960096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1072298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            189160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       129088                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              237828                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         53473                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        73148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          119882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2070168     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          35056      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18730      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          34235      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11805      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          31678      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5223      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8998      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92103      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2307996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.069927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.396397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1933939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        99984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18957                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1207947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1937200                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         62570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        27765                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          234043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1205395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1590818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5473422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1267170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         323643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       209246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        36310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1197415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482710                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821216     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156992      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158231      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92687      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49784      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13156      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15280      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2307996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2027     57.67%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          830     23.61%     81.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878238     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9137      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189566     17.03%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35928      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112952                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.411425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4538501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426515                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1083137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1116467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        36579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1197580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186263                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             222182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         165854                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            35919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.405450                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1083502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1083137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          654678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1457941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.400404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.449043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       966381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1909032     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144103      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91131      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28516      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46933      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9657      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6215      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30351      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2271417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       853453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       966381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               199985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              164755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           148101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          845695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        30351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3438701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2431876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 44363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                397117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              966381                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       853453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.169610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.169610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315496                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315496                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5083661                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1420545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1267203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2028033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1211673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         37400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       211042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          118004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2264351     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8213      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17669      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7023      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          39032      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34983      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6669      0.27%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110945      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.447920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2008860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       230590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1420276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2012006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        204393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1418715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1673600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6676964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6676964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1450469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         223119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       331657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       166721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1349562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2019474     80.68%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146944      5.87%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119492      4.77%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51650      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64928      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61190      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34889      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2832      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25774     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          760      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850210     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11764      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321364     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166144     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1349562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.498893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        197858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             486346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           166112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.494912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1336464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1336350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          723212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1430757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017115     81.40%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169632      6.85%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79109      3.19%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77959      3.15%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21034      0.85%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89102      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6900      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4975      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12208      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1076729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1265262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               481152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              315957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           167078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1125122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3880235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2853940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1265262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.512343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.512343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6611736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1556930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1683485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         201295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1150220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            201295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              251355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       179747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2144959     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          26667      1.11%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          31005      1.29%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16943      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19236      0.80%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11082      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          19754      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119121      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2396314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.074413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1909222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       196136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          249133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1912688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         18425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       168933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          247624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1402003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1950877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6526661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6526661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1630346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         320522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       134714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        71922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845566     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220537      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119245      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82456      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72228      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36899      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9151      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5875      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4357      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.14%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     43.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097731     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20431      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121109      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71259      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.484523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26857                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         14232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11825                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             184340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         179454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71221                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.476553                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1286312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1286220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          765671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2008483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.475477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1876560     79.63%     79.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222706      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93698      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55405      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38602      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25191      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13346      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10378      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20599      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       957165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1174194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               177615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107857                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           168046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1058580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3733921                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2835909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                308799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1174194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.826172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.826172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.353835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.353835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5812402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1788832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1307470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         234640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83462                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1286491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            234640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       108149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              267168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       174383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22043                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2249188     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          16188      0.64%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20441      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32749      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13337      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17413      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          20191      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9510      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137339      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2516356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2020841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       187647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          265855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1571666                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2023353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       175151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          263462                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1561652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2182272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7256994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7256994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1788962                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         393310                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       147842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        75273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522643                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448741                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1904054     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278248     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114074      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64657      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86059      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27475      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26878      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13793      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10208     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220791     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19556      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133263      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74954      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448741                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.535557                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5428821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1730222                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130479                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             205409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         200438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74930                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.525632                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1408648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1408614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          843569                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2268575                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520723                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931473     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275615     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99825      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49505      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45370      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19220      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19069      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9084      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25347      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1040596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1282138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              116269                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           185792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1154354                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3972173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3087904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32939                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                188757                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1040596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1282138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1040596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6395165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1970994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1451465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         201257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20384                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1926551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1149975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            201257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              251565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       180362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          120270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2146882     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          26762      1.12%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          31077      1.30%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17044      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          19345      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11022      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7476      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         119080      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2398447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.074399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1910935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       196555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          249359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        32619                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1403845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1914353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         21101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       166752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          247945                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1401981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1951121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6527776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6527776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1633025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         318085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       134671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15840                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194145                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847112     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220876      9.21%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119302      4.97%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82533      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37005      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9180      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5857      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4329      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           318     10.65%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1379     46.20%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098574     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20475      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121228      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71391      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.484944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2985                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5026996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1592590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1042                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          715                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24318                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179659                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.477013                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1287654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1287579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          766409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2010476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.475980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878185     79.62%     79.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223005      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93838      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55468      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38686      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25251      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13370      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10396      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20627      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       958703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1176092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               177886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              108026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           168324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1060275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3736611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2836460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31374                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                306666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1176092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       958703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.821638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.821638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5818819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1790678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1307550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         234480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1285495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            234480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       108082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              266978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       173193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          127750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22035                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2250065     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16186      0.64%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20432      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32719      1.30%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13328      0.53%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17403      0.69%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          20178      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9505      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         137227      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2517043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2022930                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       186455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          265667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1570489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2025443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       173963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          263270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1560489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2180636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7251559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7251559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1787474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         393150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       147744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        75211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905216     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278038     11.05%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113990      4.53%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64621      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85973      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27450      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26855      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13780      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10199     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     11.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219816     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19520      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133168      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74892      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.535125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5427161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26281                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             205252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         200293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74868                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.525208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1407500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1407466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          842871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2266816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371830                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2475217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1932614     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275404     11.13%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99753      4.03%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49465      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45336      1.83%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19196      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19046      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9073      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25330      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2475217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1039724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1281056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               189961                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              116171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           185653                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1153363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25330                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3971701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3085498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                188070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1039724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1281056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1039724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.601761                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.601761                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6389920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1969396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1450333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         234608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91068                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1286321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            234608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       108136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              267135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       174654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          127820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2249179     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16188      0.64%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20440      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          32743      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13334      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17410      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20190      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9509      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         137321      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2516314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086728                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2020571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       187917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          265822                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1571462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2023083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       175421                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          263429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1561448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2181985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7256058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7256058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1788760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         393225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           22616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       147826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        75267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1904074     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278226     11.06%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114066      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64651      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86048      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27468      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26872      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13791      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10205     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220631     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19552      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133248      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74948      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5428405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13321                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             205390                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         200414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.525568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1408474                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1408440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          843462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2268291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931491     78.06%     78.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275593     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99815      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49502      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45366      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19218      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9082      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25343      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1040478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1281991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           185770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1154223                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        25343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3971948                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3087503                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                188799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1281991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1040478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.599875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.599875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6394383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1970742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1451282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2704709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         201991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21587                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1931878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1154122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            201991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        97044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              252217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         62293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       176756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2401152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2148935     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          26761      1.11%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          31109      1.30%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17002      0.71%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          19294      0.80%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11124      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7576      0.32%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19834      0.83%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         119517      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2401152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.074681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.426708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1916042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       193168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          249990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1408735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1919514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         20897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       163479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          248481                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1406822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1957554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6549037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6549037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1635998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         321497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       135184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2401152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1848537     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221243      9.21%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119658      4.98%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82750      3.45%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72490      3.02%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37024      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9179      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5898      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4373      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2401152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.70%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1398     46.18%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1305     43.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101547     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20504      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121535      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71488      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.486275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5036563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         16705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293583                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113510                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             184960                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         180089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.478271                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1290753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1290661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          768273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2015338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.477190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2361199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.314345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879618     79.60%     79.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223453      9.46%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94039      3.98%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55600      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38731      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25281      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13396      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10415      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20666      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2361199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       960437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1178269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               178215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              108232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           168646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1062260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3743324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2845610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                303557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            960437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1178269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       960437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.816123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.816123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5832392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1795012                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1311893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         193408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77031                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67256                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10429                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1216278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            193408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        77685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         37409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       205021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          118443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2506409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.884460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2266809     90.44%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17683      0.71%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7010      0.28%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          39234      1.57%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35205      1.40%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6630      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          14275      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         111349      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2506409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.071497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.449622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2016507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       225417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          238646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        25089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1425313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        25089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2019713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        200252                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          236377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1423712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         4486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1677929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6701212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6701212                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1455362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         222561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       333705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       167765                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1419170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127623                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2506409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.333573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2021526     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147089      5.87%     86.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119903      4.78%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51382      2.05%     93.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65007      2.59%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61749      2.46%     98.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35165      1.40%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2864      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1724      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2506409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3405     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26025     86.17%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          773      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       852224     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       323389     23.87%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167197     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.500772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5246825                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547013                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        25089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        193657                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2418                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1419338                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167765                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1510                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6187                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        13621                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       322247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             489412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         175771                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           167165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.496822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1341709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1341593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          725645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1434577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.495947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1081406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        11928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2481320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.331362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019030     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169804      6.84%     88.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79175      3.19%     91.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78206      3.15%     94.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21235      0.86%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89766      3.62%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6913      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4970      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12221      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2481320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1081406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1270578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               484339                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              318084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           167717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1129799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3888555                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2864022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                198704                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1081406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1270578                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1081406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.501478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.501478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.399764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.399764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6639932                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1561727                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1691232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         191983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1206121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            191983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        77196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              237737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         37357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       211637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          117404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2254343     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8200      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17691      0.71%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7026      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          38711      1.55%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          34764      1.39%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6569      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14262      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110514      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.445867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1995942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          236788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1413854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1999243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        206485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        17116                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          234458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1412140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1667599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6645619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6645619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1444368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         223225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       328945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       165404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       128206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       311985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2009349     80.63%     80.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147295      5.91%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119818      4.81%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51631      2.07%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64457      2.59%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60520      2.43%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34452      1.38%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2855      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1703      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3369     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25381     85.98%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          770      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847311     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11775      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318591     23.73%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164816     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.496309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29520                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021988                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5207705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        199630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       328945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1586                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        13541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             482244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         174296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           164779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1329657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1329543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          719942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1427305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504407                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        11874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007846     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169554      6.87%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78828      3.20%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77371      3.14%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21299      0.86%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        87965      3.57%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6862      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5000      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12264      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1070890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1258628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               477169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              313304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           166283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1119283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3862496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2840655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                213033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1258628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.526042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.526042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.395876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.395876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6574925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1550535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1673914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         189075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1071800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            189075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       129044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              237716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         53451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        72818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119831                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2306630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2068914     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          35049      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18716      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          34228      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11788      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31674      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5218      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8994      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92049      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2306630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.069895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.396213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1933074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        99613                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1207299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1936331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         62343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        27620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          233939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1204743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1589927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5470323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5470323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1266416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         323511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21021                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       209172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1196774                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2306630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820123     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156864      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158179      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92645      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49764      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13135      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15270      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2306630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2025     57.59%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.69%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       877740     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9129      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189507     17.04%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35890      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.411202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4535928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1425793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1082542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1115865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1196939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             222084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         165775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            35881                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.405230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1082907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1082542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          654323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1456919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.400184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.449114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       965826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2270066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1907905     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144004      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28488      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46925      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9647      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6211      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5475      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30335      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2270066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       853015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       965826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               199887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              164695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           148025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3436730                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2430584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44357                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                398483                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              965826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.171237                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.171237                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5080930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1419741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1266618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         235135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1288928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            235135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              267708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       167543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2248358     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16222      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20490      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32811      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13375      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17461      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20236      0.80%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9540      0.38%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137573      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.476478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2026772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       180819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1574720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2029284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       168325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1564702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2186324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7271146                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7271146                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1792381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         393943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1525593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1451593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902520     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278828     11.08%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114299      4.54%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64804      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86235      3.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27518      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26931      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13809      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1122      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10226     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     11.00%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223161     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19572      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133549      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75133      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1451593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5434264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1411400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1464561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1525968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         200870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.526672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1411434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1411400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          845148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2272923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930013     78.01%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276177     11.16%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100033      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49604      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45472      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19256      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19094      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9098      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25404      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1042626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1284705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1156664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3974709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3093871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                189047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1284705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.594519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.594519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.385428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.385428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6407795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1974672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1454290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         189634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168043                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122532                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11666                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964063                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1074310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            189634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       129200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         53618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        78910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2318319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2079989     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          35342      1.52%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18728      0.81%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          34236      1.48%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          11738      0.51%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          31605      1.36%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5156      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9082      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          92443      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2318319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397141                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1937736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       105919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          264                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        36669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19124                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1210481                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        36669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1940992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         68084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        28173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          234552                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1207930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         7972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1594180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5485039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5485039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1270029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         324127                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           20991                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       209616                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        36405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229539                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484066                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2318319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830639     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157314      6.79%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158360      6.83%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92726      4.00%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50221      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13201      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15194      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          367      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2318319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2054     57.84%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          840     23.66%     81.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880433     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9167      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189528     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35999      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.412260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4553376                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1429808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1118761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44688                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        36669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         56109                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209616                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        17461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1098856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186278                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             222268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         166318                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            35990                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.406214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1085686                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1085346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          656079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1460754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.401220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.449137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       968385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2281650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1918513     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144447      6.33%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91252      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28623      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46973      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9662      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6285      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5507      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30388      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2281650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       855085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       968385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               200256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              164928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           148403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          847481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        30388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3451582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2437339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44490                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                386794                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            855085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              968385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       855085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.163560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.163560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5092483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1423569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1269385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2703364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         149221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16295                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          710                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1440283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               881687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            149221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        70973                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              180457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       169777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           90443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1825352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1644895     90.11%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9444      0.52%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          14864      0.81%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          22360      1.22%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9580      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11338      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11658      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8312      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92901      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1825352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.055198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.326144                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1421386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       189363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          178991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1107                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        34500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        24130                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          337                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1068285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        34500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1425267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         62187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       114282                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          176297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1065273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         1685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1779                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1455636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4964516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4964516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1184648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         270987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           34443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       109138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        59695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        11683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued          985267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1916                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1825352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.227163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1404419     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171394      9.39%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94465      5.18%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61942      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56048      3.07%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17545      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12363      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4386      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2790      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1825352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1018     42.00%     53.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1119     46.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       810423     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18092      1.84%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98334      9.98%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58310      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total       985267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.364460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3800226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       966060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses       987691                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        34500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         45295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1555                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1061205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        18820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts       970166                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93018                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             151195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         131416                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            58177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.358874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               966192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              966060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          571830                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1450134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.357355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       710493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       866553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195405                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16509                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1790852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.326722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1439310     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167325      9.34%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69739      3.89%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35628      1.99%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26406      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15251      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9422      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7713      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20058      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1790852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       710493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       866553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               139453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               84264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           120355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          783423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        16900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20058                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            2832739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2158433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 26577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                878012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            710493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              866553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       710493                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.804913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.804913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.262818                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.262818                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4404169                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1319198                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1012388                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         193263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67207                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2034751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1215177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            193263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              239402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         37415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       207502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          118347                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2506926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2267524     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17684      0.71%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7012      0.28%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          39183      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35154      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6630      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14275      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111250      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2506926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.071444                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.449215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2013747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       228888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          238446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          746                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1424076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2017022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        200076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        19159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          236169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9401                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1422458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1676782                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6695171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6695171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1454189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         222587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       333196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       167512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2506926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2021864     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147159      5.87%     86.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120433      4.80%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51365      2.05%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65071      2.60%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61504      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34976      1.40%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2844      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1710      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2506926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3383     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25898     86.21%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          761      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851718     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322874     23.86%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166942     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353368                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500300                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5244647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        193492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2600                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1418082                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             488648                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           166910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1340428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1340308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          725088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1434206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495472                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505568                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        11930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2481833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019585     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169866      6.84%     88.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79436      3.20%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78105      3.15%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21295      0.86%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89504      3.61%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6902      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4982      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12158      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2481833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1080284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1269303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               483574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              317574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           167564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1128677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12158                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3887873                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2861510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                198187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1080284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1269303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1080284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.504076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.504076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6633030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1560554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1689368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.744600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    97.479584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1903.343212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      163469006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11339313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152129693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     163469006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 755954.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 796490.539267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793538.864078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10021757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    135357152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145378909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705722.859223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705722.859223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 668117.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 708676.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705722.859223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.292521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1910.901845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.057522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.933058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      258643982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.699072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.005686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.738483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    63.575487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1875.379417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.915713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14872090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132209450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147081540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14872090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132209450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      147081540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14872090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132209450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     147081540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1062292.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881396.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896838.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1062292.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881396.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 896838.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1062292.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881396.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 896838.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13642294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119035505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132677799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13642294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119035505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132677799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13642294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119035505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132677799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 974449.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793570.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809010.969512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 974449.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793570.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809010.969512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 974449.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793570.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809010.969512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.715691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.015278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    43.462324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1949.522398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.005867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.021222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.951915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90694563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70976422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161670985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90694563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70976422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      161670985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90694563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     70976422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     161670985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3488252.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 825307.232558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443490.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3488252.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 825307.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1443490.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3488252.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 825307.232558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1443490.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88411763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63422928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151834691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88411763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63422928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151834691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     88411763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     63422928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151834691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400452.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 737475.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1355666.883929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400452.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 737475.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1355666.883929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400452.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 737475.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1355666.883929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.697313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         136007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.402709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.999634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.734670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    63.543474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1875.419535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.915732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 189                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   331                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      145574795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13780261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    131794534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     145574795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             189                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.331313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.331313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 984304.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 878630.226667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 887651.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     12551061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    118624534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131175595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 896504.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 790830.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799851.189024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.713597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.713597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.023516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    43.485603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1949.490881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.951900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98476684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73139368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171616052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98476684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73139368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      171616052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98476684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     73139368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     171616052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3787564.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850457.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532286.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3787564.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850457.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532286.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3787564.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850457.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532286.178571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96192998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65586874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161779872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96192998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65586874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161779872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96192998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65586874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161779872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3699730.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 762638.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444463.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3699730.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 762638.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444463.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3699730.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 762638.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444463.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.715927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.018884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    43.488448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1949.492669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.951901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88632271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71898597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160530868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88632271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71898597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      160530868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88632271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71898597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     160530868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3408933.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836030.197674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1433311.321429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3408933.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836030.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1433311.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3408933.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 836030.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1433311.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86348472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150695348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86348472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150695348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86348472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     64346876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150695348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3321095.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748219.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345494.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3321095.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748219.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345494.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3321095.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 748219.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345494.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.700032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.996010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.743995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.800546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1875.159481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.031153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.915605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 165                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9974970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127515468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137490438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9974970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127515468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      137490438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9974970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127515468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     137490438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 712497.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844473.298013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833275.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 712497.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844473.298013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833275.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 712497.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844473.298013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833275.381818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8744771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114342485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123087256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8744771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114342485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123087256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8744771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114342485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123087256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 624626.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       757235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745983.369697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 624626.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       757235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745983.369697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 624626.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       757235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745983.369697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.295278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.987173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1910.717549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.057611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.932968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12781215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    238089098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     250870313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12781215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    238089098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      250870313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12781215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    238089098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     250870313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 912943.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930035.539062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929149.307407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 912943.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930035.539062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929149.307407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 912943.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930035.539062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929149.307407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11544515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215518982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227063497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11544515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215518982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227063497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11544515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    215518982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227063497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 824608.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 841871.023438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840975.914815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 824608.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 841871.023438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840975.914815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 824608.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 841871.023438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840975.914815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.286195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.986877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1911.726928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.057122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.933460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      267820369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.737616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    97.281713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1903.548257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.929467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150070714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164579101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150070714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      164579101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150070714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     164579101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785710.544503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798927.674757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785710.544503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798927.674757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785710.544503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798927.674757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133297226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146488529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133297226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146488529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133297226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146488529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697891.235602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711109.364078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697891.235602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711109.364078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697891.235602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711109.364078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.710600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.710600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.055617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    43.623750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1949.320633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.021301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.951817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159288612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      159288612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     159288612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.743916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    97.426604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1903.396455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.047572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.929393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9910601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    149607702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159518303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9910601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    149607702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      159518303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9910601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    149607702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     159518303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 660706.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783286.397906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 774360.694175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 660706.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783286.397906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 774360.694175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 660706.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783286.397906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 774360.694175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8593601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    132834902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141428503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8593601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    132834902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    141428503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8593601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    132834902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    141428503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 572906.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 695470.691099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 686546.131068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 572906.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 695470.691099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 686546.131068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 572906.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 695470.691099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 686546.131068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          565                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.798383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          87170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.398467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         134.072941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.144740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   236.877611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1656.703090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.115663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.808937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            375                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 375                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   317                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 566                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49631599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    522401459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     572033058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     46380371                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     46380371                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49631599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    568781830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      618413429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49631599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    568781830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     618413429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          375                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             375                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.612824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.624105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.630841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.630841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908907.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1051109.575453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1093753.456979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1078613.279070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1078613.279070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908907.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1053299.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1092603.231449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1908907.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1053299.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1092603.231449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47348799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    478747236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    526096035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     42691926                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42691926                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47348799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    521439162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568787961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     47348799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    521439162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568787961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.612824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.630841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.630841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821107.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 963274.116700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1005919.760994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 992835.488372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992835.488372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821107.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 965628.077778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1004925.726148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1821107.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 965628.077778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1004925.726148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.318288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.790644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1910.891068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.057515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.933052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243311638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256700510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243311638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      256700510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243311638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     256700510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950436.085938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950742.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950436.085938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950742.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950436.085938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950742.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220832243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232991915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220832243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232991915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220832243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232991915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862625.949219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862933.018519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862625.949219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862933.018519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862625.949219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862933.018519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              539.743432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              647136936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1196186.573013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.743432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         119864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        119864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14084886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       119882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       119882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782493.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11464142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764276.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151380870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             203195.798658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   130.240420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   125.759580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.508752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.491248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         204082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        204082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    829525296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460080.585691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173213822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354220.494888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.291432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769302693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381153.847397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.291432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289546877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             293658.090264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.035027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.964973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.737392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750704018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513516.165323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.737392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18658602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18658602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18658602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18658602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18658602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18658602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982031.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982031.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982031.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982031.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982031.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982031.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14988982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14988982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14988982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14988982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14988982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14988982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1070641.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070641.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1070641.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070641.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1070641.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070641.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118284721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             161812.203830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   159.796771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    96.203229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.624206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.375794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    665580909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    665580909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722836721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    722836721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722836721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    722836721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 408833.482187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408833.482187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426452.342773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426452.342773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426452.342773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426452.342773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154686947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154686947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154686947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154686947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154686947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154686947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325656.730526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325656.730526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325656.730526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325656.730526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325656.730526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325656.730526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              467.295586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              753577136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1560201.109731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.295586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125857110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125857110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125857110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125857110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125857110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125857110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3227105.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3227105.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3227105.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3227105.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3227105.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3227105.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2862765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 477127.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91055598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91055598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91055598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91055598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91055598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91055598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3251985.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3251985.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3251985.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3251985.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3251985.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3251985.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              109423601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167570.598775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   142.404928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   113.595072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.556269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.443731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       100022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        73479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       173501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         173501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       173501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        173501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    222978530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222978530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       564752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223543282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223543282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223543282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223543282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       101043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        73486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       174529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       174529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218392.291871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218392.291871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80678.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80678.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 217454.554475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217454.554475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 217454.554475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217454.554475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91766930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91766930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91895130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91895130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91895130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91895130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 232321.341772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232321.341772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 231473.879093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231473.879093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 231473.879093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231473.879093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.733581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750703981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1513516.090726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.733581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16466849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       120270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       120270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866676.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13897172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992655.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118284910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             160495.128901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   159.621242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    96.378758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.623520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.376480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         152525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        152525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    642366051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43714280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    686080331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390971.424833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857142.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 405006.098583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154667025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321553.066528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.305437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753577048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1560200.927536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.305437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         127707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        127707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145670161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145670161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145670161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145670161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145670161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145670161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       127748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       127748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3552930.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3552930.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3552930.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3552930.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3552930.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3552930.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4101681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 820336.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98837663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98837663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98837663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98837663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98837663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98837663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3529916.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3529916.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3529916.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3529916.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3529916.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3529916.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109423465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             167570.390505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   142.434468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   113.565532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.556385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.443615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         173365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        173365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    224644739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224644739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       564360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225209099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225209099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    225209099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225209099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       100969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 220024.230167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220024.230167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80622.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80622.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 219074.999027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219074.999027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 219074.999027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219074.999027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     93929606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93929606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94057806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94057806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94057806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94057806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 237796.470886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237796.470886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 236921.425693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236921.425693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 236921.425693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236921.425693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.298954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753577118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1560201.072464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.298954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.019710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         127777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        127777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122726408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122726408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122726408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122726408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    122726408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122726408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       127817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       127817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3068160.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3068160.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3068160.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3068160.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3068160.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3068160.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2844990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       474165                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88993283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88993283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88993283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88993283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88993283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88993283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3178331.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3178331.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3178331.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3178331.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3178331.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3178331.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109423588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             167570.578867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   142.530250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   113.469750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.556759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.443241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73473                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    226985730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226985730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227550321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227550321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    227550321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227550321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       101036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       174516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222317.071499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222317.071499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80655.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221352.452335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221352.452335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 221352.452335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221352.452335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92688841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92688841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92817041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92817041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92817041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92817041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 234655.293671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234655.293671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233796.073048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233796.073048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 233796.073048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233796.073048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.742905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750704440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1513517.016129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.742905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12891234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12891234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12891234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12891234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12891234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12891234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       678486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       678486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       678486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       678486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       678486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       678486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10091621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10091621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10091621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10091621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10091621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10091621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 720830.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720830.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 720830.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720830.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 720830.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720830.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              118285244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             161812.919289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   159.977126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    96.022874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.624911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.375089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        83288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         152861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        152861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    664815514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    664815514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46926952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46926952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711742466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    711742466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711742466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    711742466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 407862.278528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407862.278528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 700402.268657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700402.268657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 419412.177961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419412.177961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 419412.177961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419412.177961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858820                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149989394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149989394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149989394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149989394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149989394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149989394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315103.768908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315103.768908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315103.768908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315103.768908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315103.768908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315103.768908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.294182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              769303132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1381154.635548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.294182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         118415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        118415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     22812684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22812684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     22812684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22812684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     22812684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22812684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       118443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       118443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 814738.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814738.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 814738.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814738.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 814738.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814738.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12897415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12897415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12897415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12897415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12897415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12897415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 921243.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921243.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 921243.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921243.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 921243.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 921243.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              289549958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             293661.215010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   101.014002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   154.985998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.394586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.605414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       304418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        304418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       470513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         470513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       470513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        470513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1027006065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1027006065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1027006065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1027006065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1027006065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1027006065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       307050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       307050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       166095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166095                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       473145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       473145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       473145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       473145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 390199.872720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 390199.872720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 390199.872720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 390199.872720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 390199.872720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 390199.872720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1902                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    272761741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272761741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    272761741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    272761741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    272761741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    272761741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 373646.220548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373646.220548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 373646.220548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373646.220548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 373646.220548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373646.220548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.285106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769302100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1381152.782765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.285106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289542798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             293653.953347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.903099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.096901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.605847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.736449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647136885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196186.478743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.736449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151380786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             203195.685906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   130.125157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   125.874843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.508301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.491699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828261766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828261766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828261766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828261766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828261766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    828261766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459889.931149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459889.931149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459889.931149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459889.931149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459889.931149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459889.931149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171155742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171155742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171155742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171155742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171155742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171155742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350011.742331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350011.742331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350011.742331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350011.742331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 350011.742331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350011.742331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.341015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753577405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560201.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.341015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3485018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 580836.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109424004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167571.215926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   142.677440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   113.322560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.557334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.442666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    214597291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214597291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215162358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215162358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215162358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215162358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 210183.438786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210183.438786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89278694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89278694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89406894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89406894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89406894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89406894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226022.010127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226022.010127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              539.742748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              647137176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1196187.016636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.742748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11995272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11995272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11995272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11995272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11995272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11995272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 631330.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631330.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 631330.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 631330.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 631330.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 631330.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10035633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10035633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10035633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10035633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10035633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10035633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 669042.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669042.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 669042.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669042.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 669042.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 669042.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              151380995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             202923.585791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   130.282586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   125.717414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.508916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.491084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       169044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         204207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        204207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    830354126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    830354126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    830354126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    830354126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    830354126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    830354126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       170834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       205997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       205997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463884.986592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 463884.986592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463884.986592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463884.986592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463884.986592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463884.986592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170762715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170762715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170762715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170762715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    170762715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170762715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 348495.336735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348495.336735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 348495.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348495.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 348495.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348495.336735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.885583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753861540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1458146.112186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.885583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.027060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          90403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        90403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         90403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70192842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70192842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70192842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70192842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70192842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70192842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        90443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        90443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        90443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754821.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1754821.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754821.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1754821.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1754821.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1754821.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49913131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49913131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49913131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49913131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     49913131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49913131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848634.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848634.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848634.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848634.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1848634.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1848634.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125584691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             113037.525653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   176.218053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    79.781947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.688352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.311648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        68419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         122888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       122888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        122888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1279539805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1279539805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    421473476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    421473476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1701013281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1701013281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1701013281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1701013281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       125289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.028167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 645254.566314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 645254.566314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1008309.751196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008309.751196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708460.341941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 708460.341941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708460.341941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 708460.341941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    547928136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547928136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     46857171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46857171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    594785307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    594785307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    594785307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    594785307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 675620.389642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675620.389642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1041270.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041270.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 694842.648364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694842.648364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 694842.648364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694842.648364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.317199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              769303036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1381154.463196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.317199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         118319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        118319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       118347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       118347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289549189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             293660.435091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   100.958359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   155.041641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.394369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.605631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       469744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         469744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       469744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        469744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048348589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048348589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048348589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1048348589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048348589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1048348589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       306541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       306541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       472381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       472381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       472381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       472381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397553.503603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397553.503603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397553.503603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 397553.503603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397553.503603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 397553.503603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277993975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277993975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277993975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    277993975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277993975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    277993975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380813.664384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380813.664384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380813.664384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380813.664384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380813.664384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380813.664384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
