
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106098                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106098410880                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633200473788                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   396376                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1901005                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67616464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55811.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17292147836                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22122449124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2587904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3767936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1483520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2549760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1931904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2530816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2556928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1439744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4147712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2562304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1880960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2563712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2597120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2553344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1885568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3769600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40885120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12140672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12140672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                319415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           94849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                94849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24391543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35513595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13982490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24032028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     18208604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23853477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24099588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13569892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39093064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24150258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17728446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24163529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24478406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24065808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17771878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35529279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               385350918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        41019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        51876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        48257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             719031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114428406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114428406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114428406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24391543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35513595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13982490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        41019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24032028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        51876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     18208604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23853477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24099588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13569892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39093064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24150258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        48257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17728446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24163529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        44638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24478406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24065808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17771878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35529279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              499779323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20671366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16951276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8587335                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8086879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90888                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197418949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117500399                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20671366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10209864                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25851110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5730977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6570193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12158993                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233516349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207665239     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2801338      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3237723      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1782435      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067717      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1127568      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         767952      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2001195      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12065182      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233516349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195833717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8185167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25646523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193726                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3657210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3355394                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143441293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        94033                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3657210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196136300                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2809279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4519464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25550640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       843450                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143353456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       220459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       393541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199239743                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667519817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667519817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       28948011                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2255280                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13679941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7459888                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       198025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1650411                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143145132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135333147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17791505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41101116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4412                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233516349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176484747     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22944865      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12323849      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8530317      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7457117      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3820167      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913643      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594680      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446964      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233516349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35340     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124749     42.74%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131764     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113275084     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118007      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12515401      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7408071      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135333147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291853                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504661191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160975792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133099827                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135625000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          831                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159216                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8295                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3657210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2317866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143183111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13679941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7459888                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1133611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2308467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133349794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11754671                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1983349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19160743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18660808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7406072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524106                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133101901                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133099827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79111250                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207189415                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20496389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2035163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229859139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179745688     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236645     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9737049      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5855158      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4051046      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2619127      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1355500      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092548      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166378      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229859139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2166378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370876370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290025878                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3021309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20916292                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.544326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.544326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601554997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184737397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133879801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20601002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16847795                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2013180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8632524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89470                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200069459                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            116865855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20601002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10259512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24500452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5834897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3504772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12301222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231852238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207351786     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1331802      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2100411      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3344535      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1380906      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1551151      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1645394      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1076352      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12069901      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231852238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      198225960                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5362825                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24424007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        62348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3777097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3377817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    142724625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3777097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      198531500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1723675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2760061                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24186490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       873402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    142641729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        26035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       244963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       329650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40937                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    198042364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    663545239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    663545239                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    169215093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28827253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36352                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19990                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2632841                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13599861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7306358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1657845                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        142442284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134892015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17973294                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39816289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231852238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174972254     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22828013      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12495590      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8503446      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7953387      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2288874      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1787463      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605900      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417311      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231852238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31509     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97629     38.74%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122851     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113003422     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2130092      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16361      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12470879      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271261      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134892015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            251989                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502054320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160453534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132717798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    135144004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       408164                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2431613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          304                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8442                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3777097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1151655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142478874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13599861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7306358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19974                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88813                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1146625                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2325060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132966724                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11729105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1925290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18998583                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18710909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7269478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            132718885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           132717798                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        77600030                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       202728347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99395928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    121833893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20645157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2055864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228075141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178612018     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23954042     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9328258      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021420      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3764784      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2102155      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1295912      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1158724      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2837828      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228075141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99395928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    121833893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18267954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11168245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17488656                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       109781486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2475005                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2837828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          367715700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         288735406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3228729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22580403                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99395928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           121833893                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99395928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.559789                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.559789                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      599640831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     183973570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     133117731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23045360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19188684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093296                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8798508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8433563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479505                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200462608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            126402169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23045360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10913068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26350432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5828561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6823156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12448590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001365                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    237352505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      211002073     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1615440      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2040802      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3242035      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1357841      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1748518      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2037141      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         932977      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13375678      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    237352505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199283816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8115186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26225250                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3715755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3506924                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    154522137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3715755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199485148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        647824                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6904004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26036537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       563230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    153573055                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        81269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       393112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    214487668                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    714167750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    714167750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    179515485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34972178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19389                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1978370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14386270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7519820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1701408                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149948261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       143869024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       144780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18164679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36960860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237352505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176396630     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27798888     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11366608      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6370599      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8630184      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2659256      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2615137      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1404339      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110864      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237352505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991582     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135468     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128232     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121207257     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966566      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17803      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13180279      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7497119      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    143869024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1255282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526490615                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168150957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140127364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    145124306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2718526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105527                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3715755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        493298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149985599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14386270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7519820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19387                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          692                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2417445                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12965391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2505419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20461802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19992320                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7496411                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            140127859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           140127364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        83961373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       225574704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550744                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104438502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128692725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21293499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35914                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2111205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233636750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179171231     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27604676     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10020571      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4992349      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565118      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1916176      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900062      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904400      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562167      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233636750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104438502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128692725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19082035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11667742                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18653908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       115865202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2657511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2562167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          381060079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303688226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3040825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              17080136                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104438502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128692725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104438502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.436196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.436196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      636076543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     195805535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     142900359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35884                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19322056                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17243252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535450                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12815599                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590279                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204007652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            109724218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19322056                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     13750138                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24456589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5043899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3095986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12339647                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507286                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    235060044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210603455     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3725994      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1882472      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3680282      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1184430      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3407125      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         538192      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         876581      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9161513      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    235060044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      201520631                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5629619                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24408718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3481681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1835166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18095                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    122769269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        34273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3481681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      201798491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       3390577                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24151841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       849266                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    122592981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        95250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       680977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    160689813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    555625771                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    555625771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    130332005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30357795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16475                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8336                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1837965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     22064602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3600307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       821797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        121955142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16533                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       114204099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21989906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44996252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235060044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184956983     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15833939      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16713955      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9735199      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5010206      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1256318      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489372      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34569      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29503      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235060044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191447     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78211     23.40%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64601     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89581970     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896797      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20147214     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569976      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    114204099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.448858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463876252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143961875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111314834                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    114538358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90909                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4476802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2290932                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121971775                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22064602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8332                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2386                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035422                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1628379                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112754097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19859295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1450002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           23429118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17139643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3569823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.443159                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            111339758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           111314834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67343786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       146800759                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.437502                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.458743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88652515                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     99829494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22147256                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1525789                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231578363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194400758     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612770      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9383253      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2954652      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898883      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955041      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606759      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555005      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211242      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231578363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     88652515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     99829494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21099576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            17587798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15315064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        87248305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1250080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3211242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          350343546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         247437932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4527663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19372597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          88652515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            99829494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     88652515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.869999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.869999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.348432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.348432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      524061223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     145059554                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     130344954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20938415                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17132956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2049525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8771929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8251402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2164786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201818506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            117050941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20938415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10416188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24445203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5580957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4804931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12347051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2051080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234573467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210128264     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1144361      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1813047      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2452893      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2524263      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2133949      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1190699      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1775295      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11410696      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234573467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082295                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199767964                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6872704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24401596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        26751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3504450                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3445714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    143645400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3504450                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      200317293                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1441178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4177104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23886192                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1247248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    143592892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       170458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       543640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    200381281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    667993180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    667993180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    173901148                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       26480118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35971                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18876                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3733474                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13447803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7286033                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1720858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143419192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36097                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       136279195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18648                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15729427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37546228                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1619                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234573467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176888067     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23733898     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12020931      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9057496      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7114833      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2873528      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814238      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945261      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125215      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234573467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25557     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82978     36.62%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118028     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114618475     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2031005      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17093      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12350024      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7262598      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    136279195                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.535620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507377068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159185263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134227805                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    136505758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2150491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          151                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          551                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3504450                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1157778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143455437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13447803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7286033                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18877                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          551                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1194666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1147448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2342114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134391125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11620269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1888070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18882597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19101547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7262328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528199                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134228027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134227805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        77055577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       207622100                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101373153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    124738517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18716958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2075386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231069017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179904449     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25357722     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9580522      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4565076      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3850484      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209393      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1930990      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873366      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2797015      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231069017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    101373153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    124738517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18484259                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11297308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17987580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112387820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2568630                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2797015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          371726775                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290415469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3059298                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19859174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         101373153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           124738517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    101373153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.509862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.509862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      604879665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     186986297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     133159358                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19324138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17244233                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1536229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12796442                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12589406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159651                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46399                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204029883                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109728471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19324138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13749057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24454810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5044548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3099216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles           15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           39                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12341194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1508076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    235083620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      210628810     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3727272      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1879383      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3678981      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1184762      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3405556      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         538489      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         877290      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9163077      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    235083620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075950                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      201531444                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5644226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24406780                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3481570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1836502                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18088                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    122773251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3481570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201810215                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3401272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1388944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24149666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       851947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    122598134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        95079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       683753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    160691710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    555636337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    555636337                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130340138                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30351565                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8349                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1841083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22066449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3600020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23425                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       823117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        121960010                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16549                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114210232                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21989980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44986557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235083620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184975420     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15840754      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16710025      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9735834      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5013452      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254354      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489653      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34594      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29534      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235083620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191624     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78211     23.39%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64573     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89588265     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896885      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8143      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20146886     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3570053      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114210232                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463912219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143966836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111320043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114544640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4478052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          305                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87943                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2294716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121976655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22066449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8346                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2360                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          305                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1035182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1629809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112761880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19862198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23432092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17141075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3569894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.443190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111344776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111320043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67345351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       146793702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437523                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88657358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     99835266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22146318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16422                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1526565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231602050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194421502     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14615478      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381993      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953562      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4900221      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956631      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607145      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555937      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209581      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231602050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88657358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     99835266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21100474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17588397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8194                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15315880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87253460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1250171                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3209581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          350373728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         247447443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4528077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19349021                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88657358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            99835266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88657358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.869842                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.869842                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      524090646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     145063738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130349499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254432634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20699709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16974493                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023337                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8570858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8092542                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122795                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90794                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197432135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            117637359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20699709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10215337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25873295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5744269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6446636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12160219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2007733                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    233441699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207568404     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2802907      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3236429      1.39%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1781814      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2069123      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1129280      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         768370      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2006263      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12079109      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    233441699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081356                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.462352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      195850244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8059071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25667108                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       194535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3670735                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3360674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18898                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    143598641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        93897                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3670735                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      196153971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2972476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4226620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25570922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       846969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    143510711                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       224076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       393216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    199435299                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    668223447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    668223447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    170317949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       29117350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37466                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2261426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13692907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7466170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196751                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        143297022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37552                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       135407223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17917398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41463657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4098                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233441699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269408                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176385207     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22948163      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12327043      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8541244      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7461209      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3823981      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913909      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594497      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446446      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233441699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36047     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125674     42.90%     55.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131254     44.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113339172     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118877      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16586      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12519972      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412616      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    135407223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.532193                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504737230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161253240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133172246                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    135700198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342437                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2407496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          841                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3670735                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2473867                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149447                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143334698                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13692907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7466170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1136357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2308804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133422510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11758133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1984713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           19168835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18671465                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7410702                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.524392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            133174569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           133172246                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        79150914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       207313794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.523409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100015342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    122706781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20629136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33454                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2034929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229770964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179648507     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23242448     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9739378      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5851950      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054251      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2617828      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357811      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093611      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165180      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229770964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    100015342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    122706781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18587185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11285411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16690                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17561544                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       110624997                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2496470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2165180                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          370941025                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         290342641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3021626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              20990935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         100015342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           122706781                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    100015342                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.543936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.543936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      601860641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     184828540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     134024390                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        33424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23044196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19187648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2093945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8883434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8439975                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2481027                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200542980                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            126412078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23044196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10921002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26353776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5823291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6796592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12451835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2001619                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    237403747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      211049971     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1615762      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2043575      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3244431      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1357377      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1749324      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2039521      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         932135      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13371651      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    237403747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199363249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8089834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26228362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12436                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3709864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3506447                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          535                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    154511559                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3709864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199565635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        645861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6880367                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26038581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       563432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    153559168                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       393063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    214490935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    714129560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    714129560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    179593841                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34897062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19524                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1982730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14368827                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7520003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1699814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        149938296                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37469                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       143897593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18104584                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36792708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1539                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237403747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176429775     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27812423     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11367891      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6371158      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8635129      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2656723      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613217      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406967      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110464      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237403747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990385     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133620     10.67%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128281     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121227761     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1967042      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17811      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13187852      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7497127      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    143897593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526592929                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168081035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140155117                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    145149879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2695996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3709864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        491669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62237                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149975773                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14368827                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7520003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19524                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1242003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2416285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141392797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12972172                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2504796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20468676                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19997225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7496504                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555718                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            140155514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           140155117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        83976842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       225590080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372254                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104484073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    128748868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21227434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35930                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2111860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233693883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179205778     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27612015     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10025525      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4997097      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4568384      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919446      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898431      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904496      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2562711      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233693883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    104484073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    128748868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19090362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11672829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17924                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18662029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       115915770                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2658672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2562711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          381106746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         303662518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3038969                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              17028894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         104484073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           128748868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    104484073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.435133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.435133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410655                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410655                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      636225309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     195853927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     142914412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19781611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17849965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1037781                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7534580                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7077484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209723765                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            124446745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19781611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8172516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24611481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3254987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5038338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12038813                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    241564861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      216953380     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         879831      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1796608      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         755605      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4094066      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3639105      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         707817      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1474587      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11263862      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    241564861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      208553792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6221182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24521368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        77747                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2190767                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1735840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    145922457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2802                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2190767                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      208765474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4479344                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1078496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24401757                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       649016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    145844933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       276572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       235121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4918                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    171225454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    686963000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    686963000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    151974628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       19250814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        17452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1638544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     34419063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     17413366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159702                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       842579                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        145565147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17505                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       140012745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11151738                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26657920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          606                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241564861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191837637     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14876201      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12222640      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5280636      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6700525      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6490949      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3683428      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290817      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182028      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241564861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355083     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762896     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        80035      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87830019     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222925      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8384      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33576697     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17374720     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    140012745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3198014                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524861768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156737940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138816433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    143210759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1315536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          550                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2190767                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4111483                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145582728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34419063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17413366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1217086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139032320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33463069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           50836366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18214821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         17373297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            138820886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           138816433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74969288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       147691200                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507608                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112802387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    132561621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13035642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1060613                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239374094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191322709     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17520008      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8225766      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8137704      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2209874      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9466144      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       706780      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514799      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270310      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239374094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    112802387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    132561621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             50412391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            33103520                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17505317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       117879379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1284044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1270310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          383700709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         293385510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4601327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12867780                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         112802387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           132561621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    112802387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      687360007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     161200532                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     173790686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16874                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19301018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17229111                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1538959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12886493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590705                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1160571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203973477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            109590779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19301018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13751276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24437057                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5037788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3106795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12338485                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1510680                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    235007517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      210570460     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3723730      1.58%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1880969      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3680891      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1185600      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3410539      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         538072      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         870481      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9146775      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    235007517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075859                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      201489304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5637483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24389221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3472084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1828236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18100                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    122626399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        34241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3472084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      201766757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3397138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1390285                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24132741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       848506                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    122451085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        95137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       680496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    160515882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    554992590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    554992590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    130274548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30241324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1834851                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     22056839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3592150                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       817516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        121818619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       114105272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21895250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44827647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235007517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184934430     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15837426      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16706171      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9713119      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5010791      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1252436      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489853      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34643      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28648      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235007517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191380     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78141     23.39%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64514     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89502230     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896457      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20136402     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3562043      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    114105272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463625647                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143730701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111216945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    114439307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4479853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81253                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3472084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2297583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121835243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22056839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3592150                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8339                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41096                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2379                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1039158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1630632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112657504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19847954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23409820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17125266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3561866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            111241929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           111216945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        67297289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       146669970                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437117                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88609112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     99783360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22056852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1529280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231535433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194371417     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14611122      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9377651      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2952716      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4896180      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955717      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606997      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555563      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3208070      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231535433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     88609112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     99783360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             21087879                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17576982                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15307698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        87208847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1249762                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3208070                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          350167250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         247155235                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4529129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19425124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          88609112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            99783360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     88609112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.871405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.871405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      523616605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     144944427                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     130191301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20956860                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17147119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8745971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8255607                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166529                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93435                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201892715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117157191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20956860                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10422136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24466857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5579889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4793900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12350533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234658451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210191594     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1145703      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1814602      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2455036      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2525152      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2136609      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1195179      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1771821      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11422755      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234658451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082367                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460464                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199839676                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6864235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24423039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3504605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3449562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143771670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3504605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200389457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1429016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4179462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23907109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1248800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143718958                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       170465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       544438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    200552792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    668586476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    668586476                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    174030001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26522791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35917                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3734092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13458007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7291926                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85792                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1747196                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143544404                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36041                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136387156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15759862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37634398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1535                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234658451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176918691     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23763472     10.13%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12030943      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9061160      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7121198      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879561      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1813034      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       945619      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124773      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234658451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26443     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        83013     36.72%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116612     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114707276     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2033940      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17106      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12360046      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7268788      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136387156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536044                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226068                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507677552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159340854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134341221                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136613224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       279077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2152354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3504605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1145330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143580593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13458007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7291926                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1192298                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2341428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134505057                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11631429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1882099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18899941                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19117726                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7268512                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528647                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134341469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134341221                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77119632                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       207793987                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101448226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    124830820                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18749806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2074163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231153846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179938125     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25391090     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9585190      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4569403      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3860258      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2209908      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1927529      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873349      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2798994      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231153846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    101448226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    124830820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18497929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11305653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17214                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18000843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112471030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2570529                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2798994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          371934776                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290665917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3058991                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19774190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         101448226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           124830820                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    101448226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605393810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187138429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133280543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34476                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19305081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17229315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1538696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12866207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12590897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1161205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46876                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203983900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109596186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19305081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13752102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24435207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5035135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3092592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12338680                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1510431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    234999469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      210564262     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3725416      1.59%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1877100      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3678020      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1184951      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3411890      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         538373      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         872907      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9146550      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    234999469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075875                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      201483903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5639038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24387173                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19679                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3469675                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1832107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18095                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    122633283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34222                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3469675                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201762755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3397888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1387322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24130550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       851273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122458905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       682852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160516009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    555011006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    555011006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130301571                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30214438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16485                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8345                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1839165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22052676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3592965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23617                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       815397                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        121824335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16543                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114123303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21880622                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44754125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234999469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184919434     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15839879      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16705418      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9717822      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5010701      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1253047      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1489780      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34701      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28687      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234999469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191646     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78064     23.35%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64663     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89520854     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896613      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20134765     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3562929      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114123303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463653898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143721798                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111237664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114457676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4472409                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3469675                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2290249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104735                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121840962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22052676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3592965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8342                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2303                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1038699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1630388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112674780                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19846402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23409147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17130126                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3562745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.442847                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111262557                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111237664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67305805                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       146694703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88626986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     99803767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22042115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16418                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1529032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231529794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194360486     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14611748      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9379348      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953408      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4897226      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955832      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606798      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555337      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209611      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231529794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88626986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     99803767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21091957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17580267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15310808                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87226745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1250040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3209611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          350165740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247164175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4528256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19433172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88626986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            99803767                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88626986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.870826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.870826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      523691637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     144969239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130199150                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20684581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16962003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8555203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90708                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197382531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117580886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20684581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10206602                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25863364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5746632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6548285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12158991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    233485276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207621912     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2802333      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3239272      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1781208      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2065490      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1127208      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         766640      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2004815      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12076398      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    233485276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.462130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195793366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8167632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25656156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       195926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3672190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3358089                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18907                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143536306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        93825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3672190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196098350                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2852189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4454384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25559785                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       848372                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143448049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       221590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       395637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199350826                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    667945627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    667945627                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170228177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29122644                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2269990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13686146                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7464722                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656027                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143234434                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135353351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17918401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41430057                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233485276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176457038     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22931571      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12322861      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8537885      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7459180      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3821324      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915348      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593577      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446492      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233485276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35603     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125543     42.88%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131634     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113295775     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118102      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16578      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12512275      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7410621      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135353351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531981                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504671648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161191691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133115557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135646131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       341618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2406650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          863                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1263                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8289                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3672190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2358929                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143272151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13686146                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7464722                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1263                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1137726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2309906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133364861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11751451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19159951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18660587                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7408500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.524166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133117612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133115557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        79121436                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       207248991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.523186                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99962791                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122642227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20631088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33437                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2035811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229813086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179717858     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23229680     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9733857      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5850332      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4050436      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2615531      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1357515      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093668      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2164209      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229813086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99962791                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122642227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18577476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11279493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17552267                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110566820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2495149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2164209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          370921516                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290218897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3022205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              20947365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99962791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122642227                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99962791                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.545273                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.545273                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392885                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392885                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      601599364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184751395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133961106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20682242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16958800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8577544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8090626                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        91097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197495046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            117572034                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20682242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10213797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25865575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5732765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6498695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12163648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    233537350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207671775     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2802485      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3241251      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1783034      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2067688      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1127885      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         767953      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2002191      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12073088      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    233537350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195907483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8116195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25660476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       194131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3659059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3358554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18976                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    143522624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        94242                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3659059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196210431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2784489                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4472656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25564448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       846261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    143436555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       221490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       394362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    199351947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    667906873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    667906873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    170372200                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28979736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37679                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21066                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2257134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13681279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7464566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1653876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143228737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37770                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       135400274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17812968                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41154413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4305                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233537350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176476157     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22959963      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12325195      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8535960      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7462364      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3821491      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915147      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594336      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446737      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233537350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35108     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125179     42.86%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131777     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113337245     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119624      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16592      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12514686      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412127      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    135400274                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504814204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161080739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133170556                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    135692338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343516                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2392264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          838                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160447                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8298                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3659059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2294040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143266623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57134                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13681279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7464566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21054                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2308990                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133415966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11755347                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1984308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19165729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18671181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7410382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            133172531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           133170556                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        79154159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       207305012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100047235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    122745893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20521795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33465                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2034950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229878291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179742672     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23247401     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9740365      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5856103      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4054583      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2618753      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358026      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093904      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2166484      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229878291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100047235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    122745893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18593132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11289013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17567125                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110660264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2497260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2166484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          370978819                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290194518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3022001                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              20895291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100047235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           122745893                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100047235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.543125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.543125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      601851878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     184833692                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     133959689                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        33434                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20961266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17150960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2048415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8690093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8252210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201883436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117206154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20961266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10419163                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24469786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5589448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4776968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12351304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2050233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    234644583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      210174797     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1145560      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1813846      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2453702      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2523392      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2134978      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1193954      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1775897      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11428457      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    234644583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199831050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6846874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24426058                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26578                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3514021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3450166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143816718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1953                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3514021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      200380121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1427475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4165306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23910609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1247049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143764719                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       170452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       543527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    200617318                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668809210                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668809210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    174017428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26599881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35823                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18716                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3731343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13453455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7294402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85703                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1727393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143588903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35950                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       136397580                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15812508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37809355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234644583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176918418     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23745246     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12021557      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9071242      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123950      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879926      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814654      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       944580      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125010      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234644583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26225     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82987     36.71%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116830     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114715587     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2035916      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17104      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12357851      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7271122      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    136397580                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536085                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507684443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159437926                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134351204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136623622                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       276993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2148628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          568                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102667                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3514021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1143634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143624999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13453455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7294402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          568                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1193438                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2342055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134515097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11629165                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1882483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18900014                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19117274                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7270849                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528686                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134351468                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134351204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        77123921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207806185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101440835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    124821744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18803274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2074299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231130562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179930595     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25376884     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9586186      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4570048      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3850836      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2210459      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1932143      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       873441      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2799970      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231130562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    101440835                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    124821744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18496559                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11304824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17999538                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       112462830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2570337                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2799970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          371954908                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290764124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3058571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19788058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         101440835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           124821744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    101440835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.508188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.508188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      605428889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187150360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133329704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254432641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20607315                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16852378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2010457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8617506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2121251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200052249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            116916122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20607315                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10260570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24509962                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5830209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3509575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12299112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2026354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231847445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      207337483     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1331909      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2101388      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3343972      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1382672      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1551169      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1649237      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1076633      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12072982      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231847445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      198215382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5360764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24433974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        62126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3775198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3379481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    142783789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3775198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      198518479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1723530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2761740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24198553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       869932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    142702611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        25493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       245219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       327573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41338                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    198124208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    663842498                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    663842498                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    169279615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28844586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        36310                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2618611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13600636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7310211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220412                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        142503853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       134930747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165738                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17995219                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39932022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231847445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174954329     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22832972      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12492833      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8508904      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7957493      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2290871      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1786478      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       606318      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417247      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231847445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31533     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97923     38.82%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122792     48.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113035030     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2132014      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16368      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12472293      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7275042      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    134930747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530320                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252248                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502126921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160536970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132764612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    135182995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1515                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207789                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8437                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3775198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1154524                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142540401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13600636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7310211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1515                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1176366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1145127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2321493                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133013000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11730984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1917743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19004256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18716897                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7273272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            132765680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           132764612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        77627359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       202804590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99433825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    121880370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20660246                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2053066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228072247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178592517     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23962207     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9328943      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026008      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3766004      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2101866      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1294718      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159273      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2840711      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228072247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     99433825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    121880370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18274925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11172506                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17495359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       109823364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2475959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2840711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          367771489                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         288856646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3226222                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22585196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          99433825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           121880370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     99433825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558814                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558814                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      599841116                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     184038099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     133173258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         319597                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.833398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1819432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         352362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.163531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           251.006080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.272760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1800.300092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.421673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2222.068647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.702358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1072.869093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.964210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1685.633568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.160993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1317.504714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.819986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1700.250193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.788954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1794.517879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.888960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1058.745028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.015405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2724.621086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.862153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1717.232548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.379868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1265.356241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.862708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1718.673712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.981212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1768.501684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.886475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1818.387892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.178672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1281.329561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.330990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2252.004723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           312.318302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           379.492228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           247.339271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           348.987555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           252.600790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           354.800864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           368.115510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           255.888897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           444.573987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           332.605896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           311.107821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           332.798044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           343.824159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           328.049965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           291.724413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           358.085574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.054941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.067812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.032741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.051441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.040207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.051888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.054764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.032310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.083149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.052406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.038616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.052450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.053970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.055493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.039103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.068726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.007548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.007709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.007809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.013567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.008903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  549254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           179354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                179354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   551378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        35627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        43002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        49380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        35234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        36105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  551378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                319381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 319415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                319415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5865844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3319648711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5985909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4827096476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1898018154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5021730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3235804187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6527027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2464377947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5193460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3210469155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5421873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3288289362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5152889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1843535165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5260254383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5106086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3252772022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6243988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2396277457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5034497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3251890658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5746518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3338416385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5971336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3276549638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6539427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2400778245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5688168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4830798039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52186094834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       561243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       836433                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2318095                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       273788                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       630774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       559604                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       5179937                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5865844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3320209954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5985909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4827096476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1898018154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5021730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3235804187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6527027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2464377947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5193460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3210469155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5421873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3289125795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5152889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1843535165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5262572478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5106086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3253045810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6243988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2396277457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5034497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3251890658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5746518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3339047159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5971336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3277109242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6539427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2400778245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5688168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4830798039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52191274771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5865844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3320209954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5985909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4827096476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1898018154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5021730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3235804187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6527027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2464377947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5193460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3210469155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5421873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3289125795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5152889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1843535165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5964771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5262572478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5106086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3253045810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6243988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2396277457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5034497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3251890658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5746518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3339047159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5971336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3277109242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6539427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2400778245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5688168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4830798039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52191274771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              868635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       179354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            179354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               870793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        56273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        81784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        56053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              870793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.365386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.179487                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.015755                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.305196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.366809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.305196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.366809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154364.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164225.225636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153484.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163980.584842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163763.430026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147697.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162439.969227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151791.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163279.530047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152748.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162374.527362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150607.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164661.460290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151555.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163898.930032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152942.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162403.654924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       150179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162508.594225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156099.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163067.537053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148073.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162359.112187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155311.297297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164567.503944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157140.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164287.486863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155700.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162974.560111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149688.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164033.889270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163397.618625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140310.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139405.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 165578.214286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       136894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157693.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       139901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152351.088235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154364.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164220.494312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153484.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163980.584842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163763.430026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147697.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162439.969227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151791.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163279.530047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152748.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162374.527362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150607.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164653.874399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151555.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163898.930032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152942.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162405.026478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       150179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162506.035068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156099.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163067.537053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148073.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162359.112187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155311.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164566.148793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157140.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164282.596852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155700.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162974.560111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149688.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164033.889270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163396.442781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154364.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164220.494312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153484.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163980.584842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163763.430026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147697.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162439.969227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151791.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163279.530047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152748.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162374.527362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150607.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164653.874399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151555.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163898.930032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152942.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162405.026478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       150179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162506.035068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156099.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163067.537053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148073.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162359.112187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155311.297297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164566.148793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157140.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164282.596852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155700.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162974.560111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149688.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164033.889270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163396.442781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                94849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     94849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           319381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            319415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           319415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2142397421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3715721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3112903918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1223143325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3042843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2075480450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4027872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585458926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3217392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2058801989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3327843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2125246550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1188565037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3693097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3374672367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3125562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086827786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3921625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1540519261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3053840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2085160847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3593339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2156959962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3761144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2115053943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4099697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1542964238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3115952401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33586560279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       327270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       487175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1501838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       157444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       397780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       326873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3198380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2142724691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3715721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3112903918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1223143325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3042843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2075480450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4027872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585458926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3217392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2058801989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3327843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2125733725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1188565037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3693097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3376174205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3125562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086985230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3921625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1540519261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3053840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2085160847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3593339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2157357742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3761144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2115380816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4099697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1542964238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3115952401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33589758659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3655943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2142724691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3715721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3112903918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1223143325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3042843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2075480450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4027872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1585458926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3217392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2058801989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3327843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2125733725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1188565037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3693097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3376174205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3125562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086985230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3921625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1540519261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3053840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2085160847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3593339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2157357742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3761144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2115380816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4099697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1542964238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3476308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3115952401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33589758659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.363006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.407128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.316148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.365386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.355902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.306970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.037037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.179487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.305196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.366809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.406369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.314339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.305196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.362304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.366809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96209.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105985.822747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95274.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105748.001427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105534.367990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89495.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104190.785643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93671.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105045.976678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94629.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104127.148948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92440.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106421.960441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93430.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105669.011113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94694.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104188.711547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91928.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104257.982914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98040.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104832.886084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89818.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104107.087074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97117.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106327.514641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98977.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106049.636131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97611.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104742.667708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91481.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105804.835348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105161.422499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 81817.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81195.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107274.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        78722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        99445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81718.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96209.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105981.041201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95274.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105748.001427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105534.367990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89495.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104190.785643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93671.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105045.976678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94629.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104127.148948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92440.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106414.383510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93430.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105669.011113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94694.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104190.044593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91928.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104255.431612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98040.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104832.886084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89818.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104107.087074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97117.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106326.157812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98977.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106044.757169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97611.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104742.667708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91481.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105804.835348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105160.241877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96209.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105981.041201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95274.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105748.001427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105534.367990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89495.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104190.785643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93671.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105045.976678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94629.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104127.148948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92440.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106414.383510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93430.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105669.011113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 94694.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104190.044593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91928.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104255.431612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98040.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104832.886084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89818.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104107.087074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97117.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106326.157812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98977.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106044.757169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97611.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104742.667708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91481.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105804.835348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105160.241877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.417769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012167036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1942739.032630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.417769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12158944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12158944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12158944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12158944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12158944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12158944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8167383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8167383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8167383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8167383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8167383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8167383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12158993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12158993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12158993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12158993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12158993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12158993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166681.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166681.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166681.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166681.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166681.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166681.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6480079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6480079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6480079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166155.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166155.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166155.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166155.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166155.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166155.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                55845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172657925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3077.626513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.809642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.190358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8578061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8578061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15839138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15839138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15839138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15839138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       195743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       195743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       195743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25236098943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25236098943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    480324864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480324864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25716423807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25716423807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25716423807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25716423807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8770003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17817                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16034881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16034881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16034881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16034881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131477.732560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131477.732560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126368.025257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126368.025257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131378.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131378.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 131378.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131378.510634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       136257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       139898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5915551574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5915551574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     11138096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11138096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5926689670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5926689670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5926689670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5926689670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106232.406824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106232.406824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69613.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69613.100000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106127.489838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106127.489838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106127.489838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106127.489838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              528.697920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1016759216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1918413.615094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.697920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12301171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12301171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12301171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12301171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12301171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12301171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8328664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8328664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8328664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8328664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8328664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8328664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12301222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12301222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12301222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12301222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12301222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12301222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163307.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163307.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163307.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163307.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163307.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163307.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6601137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6601137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6601137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165028.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165028.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165028.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165028.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165028.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165028.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                72439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              181291286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                72695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2493.861834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.169708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.830292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8529357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8529357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7065587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15594944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15594944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15594944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15594944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       183855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       184673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       184673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22571350101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22571350101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     69788737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69788737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22641138838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22641138838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22641138838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22641138838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8713212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8713212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7066405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7066405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15779617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15779617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15779617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15779617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122767.126817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122767.126817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85316.304401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85316.304401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122601.240235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122601.240235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122601.240235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122601.240235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       111551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8005144679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8005144679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8961024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8961024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8014105703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8014105703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8014105703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8014105703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110715.101225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110715.101225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66377.955556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66377.955556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110632.472881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110632.472881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110632.472881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110632.472881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              492.500636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014237499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2057276.874239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.500636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12448541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12448541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12448541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12448541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12448541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12448541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12448590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12448590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12448590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12448590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12448590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12448590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              164377132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                37127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4427.428341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.470884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.529116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9927193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9927193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7375935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7375935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17303128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17303128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17303128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17303128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        94680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        96789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        96789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10349598180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10349598180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    140523228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140523228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10490121408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10490121408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10490121408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10490121408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10021873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10021873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7378044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7378044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17942                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17399917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17399917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17399917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17399917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109311.345374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109311.345374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66630.264580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66630.264580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108381.338871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108381.338871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108381.338871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108381.338871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    18.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        58020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3685738230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685738230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15859186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15859186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3701597416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3701597416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3701597416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3701597416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100538.413257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100538.413257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75162.018957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75162.018957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100393.192916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100393.192916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100393.192916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100393.192916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              558.586119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              931036788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1656649.088968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.396575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.189545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.053520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12339605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12339605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12339605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12339605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12339605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12339605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6523978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6523978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6523978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6523978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6523978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6523978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12339647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12339647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12339647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12339647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12339647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12339647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155332.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155332.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155332.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155332.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155332.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155332.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5507029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5507029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5507029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5507029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157343.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157343.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157343.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157343.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157343.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157343.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55218                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224714122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4050.800772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.858650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.141350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.792417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.207583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     18133270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18133270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3494839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21628109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       21628109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     21628109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      21628109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       191871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       192230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       192230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       192230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       192230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21993731293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21993731293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31177898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31177898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22024909191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22024909191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  22024909191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22024909191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     18325141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18325141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3495198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21820339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21820339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     21820339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21820339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114627.699303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114627.699303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86846.512535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86846.512535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114575.816423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114575.816423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114575.816423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114575.816423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6488                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       136726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5804230222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5804230222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4900312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4900312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5809130534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5809130534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5809130534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5809130534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105253.970841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105253.970841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67127.561644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67127.561644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105203.566482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105203.566482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105203.566482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105203.566482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.102841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011042832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1940581.251440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    45.025230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   474.077611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.072156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.759740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12346997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12346997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12346997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12346997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12346997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12346997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9401057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9401057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9401057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9401057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9401057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9401057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12347051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12347051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12347051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12347051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12347051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12347051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174093.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174093.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174093.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174093.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174093.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174093.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7814193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7814193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7814193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7814193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7814193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7814193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169873.760870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169873.760870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169873.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169873.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169873.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169873.760870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                41458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166584042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3993.480414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.374961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.625039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8499460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8499460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7152981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7152981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15652441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15652441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15652441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15652441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       132735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       133619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       133619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       133619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16686026595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16686026595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     77156993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77156993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16763183588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16763183588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16763183588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16763183588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8632195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8632195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7153865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7153865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15786060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15786060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15786060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15786060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125709.320036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125709.320036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87281.666290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87281.666290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125455.089381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125455.089381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125455.089381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125455.089381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        91428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        92161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        41458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4372894266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4372894266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10244390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10244390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4383138656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4383138656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4383138656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4383138656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105863.274167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105863.274167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67843.642384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67843.642384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105724.797530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105724.797530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105724.797530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105724.797530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.342226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931038336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656651.843416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.191628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.150598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12341153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12341153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12341153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12341153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12341153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12341153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6697566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6697566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6697566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6697566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6697566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6697566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12341194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12341194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12341194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12341194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12341194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12341194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163355.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163355.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163355.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163355.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163355.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163355.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5759382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5759382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5759382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5759382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5759382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5759382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164553.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164553.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164553.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164553.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 164553.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164553.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224718426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4051.170471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.004914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.995086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.789082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.210918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18137256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18137256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3495135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3495135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21632391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21632391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       192130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       192489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       192489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       192489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       192489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21943758083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21943758083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31300358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31300358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21975058441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21975058441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21975058441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21975058441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18329386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18329386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3495494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8203                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21824880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21824880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21824880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21824880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114213.074913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114213.074913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87187.626741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87187.626741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114162.671327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114162.671327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114162.671327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114162.671327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5787002967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5787002967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4947285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5791950252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5791950252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5791950252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5791950252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104949.184219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104949.184219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67771.027397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67771.027397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104900.029920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104900.029920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104900.029920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104900.029920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.041007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1012168266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1950227.872832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.041007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12160174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12160174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12160174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12160174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12160174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12160174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7386209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7386209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7386209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7386209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7386209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7386209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12160219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12160219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12160219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12160219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12160219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12160219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164137.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164137.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164137.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164137.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6084083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6084083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6084083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6084083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6084083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6084083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164434.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164434.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164434.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164434.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164434.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164434.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                56273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172662409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                56529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3054.404093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.808391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.191609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8581493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7262163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7262163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15843656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15843656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       196319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       196319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       196319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       196319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25238718739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25238718739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    483908559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483908559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25722627298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25722627298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25722627298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25722627298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8773997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8773997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7265978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7265978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16712                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16039975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16039975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16039975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16039975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131107.502904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131107.502904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126843.658978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126843.658978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131024.645083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131024.645083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131024.645083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131024.645083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           19504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       136393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        56273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5926681529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5926681529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11306712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11306712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5937988241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5937988241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5937988241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5937988241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105624.236406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105624.236406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69794.518519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69794.518519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105521.088995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105521.088995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105521.088995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105521.088995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.382614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1014240748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2065663.437882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.382614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12451790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12451790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12451790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12451790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12451790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12451790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7419807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7419807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7419807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7419807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7419807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7419807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12451835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12451835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12451835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12451835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12451835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12451835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164884.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164884.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164884.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164884.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164884.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164884.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5988641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5988641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166351.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166351.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166351.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166351.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166351.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166351.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164386238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4429.582550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.470062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.529938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9932978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9932978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7379114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7379114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17312092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17312092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17312092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17312092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        94578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        96732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        96732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        96732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        96732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10261340631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10261340631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    143281168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143281168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10404621799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10404621799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10404621799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10404621799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10027556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10027556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7381268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7381268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19238                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19238                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17950                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17408824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17408824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17408824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17408824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108496.062837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108496.062837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66518.648097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66518.648097                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107561.321993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107561.321993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107561.321993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107561.321993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51011                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17003.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3651138330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3651138330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16298691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16298691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3667437021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667437021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3667437021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667437021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99643.532831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99643.532831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76519.676056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76519.676056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99509.890680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99509.890680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99509.890680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99509.890680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.959479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041621540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1786657.873070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.905160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.054319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.062348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12038759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12038759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12038759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12038759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12038759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12038759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8453199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8453199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8453199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8453199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8453199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8453199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12038813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12038813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12038813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12038813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12038813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12038813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156540.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156540.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6435032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6435032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6435032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160875.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160875.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160875.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160875.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160875.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160875.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                81784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              450430199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                82040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5490.372977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.908812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.091188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     31577046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31577046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17291495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17291495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8977                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8977                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48868541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       48868541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     48868541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      48868541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       289612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       289612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       289612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34832359629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34832359629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27906284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27906284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34860265913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34860265913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34860265913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34860265913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     31866398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31866398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17291755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17291755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8977                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8437                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49158153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49158153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     49158153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49158153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120380.573243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120380.573243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107331.861538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107331.861538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120368.858725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120368.858725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120368.858725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120368.858725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           16478                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       207646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       207828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       207828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        81784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9037557765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9037557765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6951535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6951535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9044509300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044509300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9044509300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044509300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110610.698908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110610.698908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89122.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89122.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110590.204686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110590.204686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110590.204686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110590.204686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              558.394739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              931035624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1656647.017794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.244177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.150562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12338441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12338441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12338441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12338441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12338441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6752471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6752471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6752471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6752471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6752471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6752471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12338485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12338485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12338485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153465.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153465.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153465.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153465.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153465.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153465.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5569553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5569553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5569553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5569553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5569553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5569553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159130.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159130.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159130.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159130.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224703795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4048.133512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   203.220846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    52.779154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.793831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.206169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18123790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18123790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3493985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21617775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21617775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21617775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21617775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       192397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       192397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       192397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22014279076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22014279076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30989856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30989856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22045268932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22045268932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22045268932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22045268932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18315852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18315852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3494320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8266                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21810172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21810172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21810172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21810172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114620.690589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114620.690589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92507.032836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92507.032836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114582.186479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114582.186479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 114582.186479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114582.186479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6235                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5822584801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5822584801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4860449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4860449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5827445250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5827445250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5827445250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5827445250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105516.016110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105516.016110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69434.985714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69434.985714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105470.304242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105470.304242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105470.304242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105470.304242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              515.733135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011046318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1955602.162476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.733135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12350483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12350483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12350483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12350483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12350483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12350483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8701084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8701084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8701084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8701084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8701084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8701084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12350533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12350533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12350533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12350533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12350533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12350533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174021.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174021.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174021.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174021.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174021.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174021.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7358495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7358495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7358495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7358495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7358495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7358495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175202.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175202.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175202.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175202.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175202.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175202.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166593288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3990.545141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.680976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.319024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8503464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8503464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7158284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15661748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15661748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15661748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15661748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       132888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       133770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       133770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16504082070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16504082070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75418633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75418633                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16579500703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16579500703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16579500703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16579500703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8636352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7159166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17238                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15795518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15795518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15795518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15795518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124195.428255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124195.428255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85508.654195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85508.654195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123940.350624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123940.350624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123940.350624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123940.350624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        91548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4329773944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4329773944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10022507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10022507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4339796451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4339796451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4339796451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4339796451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104735.702564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104735.702564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66374.218543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66374.218543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104596.091948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104596.091948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104596.091948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104596.091948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.541315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931035820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656647.366548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.390624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.150691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12338637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12338637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12338637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12338637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12338637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6559966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6559966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6559966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6559966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12338680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12338680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12338680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152557.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152557.348837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152557.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152557.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152557.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152557.348837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5505544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5505544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5505544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157301.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157301.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157301.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157301.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157301.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157301.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224701627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4052.840341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.829531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.170469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18120851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18120851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3494759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21615610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21615610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21615610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21615610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       191767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          351                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       192118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       192118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21958306944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21958306944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30680859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30680859                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21988987803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21988987803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21988987803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21988987803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18312618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18312618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3495110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8201                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21807728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21807728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21807728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21807728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114505.138757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114505.138757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87409.854701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87409.854701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114455.635615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114455.635615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114455.635615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114455.635615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       136652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       136931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       136931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5813902119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5813902119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4768905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4768905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5818671024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5818671024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5818671024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5818671024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105486.748054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105486.748054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66234.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66234.791667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105435.537790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105435.537790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105435.537790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105435.537790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.764586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012167037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1946475.071154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.764586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12158945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12158945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12158945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12158945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12158945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12158945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7870102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7870102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7870102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7870102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7870102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7870102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12158991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12158991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12158991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12158991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12158991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12158991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171089.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171089.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171089.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171089.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171089.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171089.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6431074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6431074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6431074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169238.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169238.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169238.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169238.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169238.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169238.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                56272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172654518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                56528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3054.318532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.810762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.189238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8577452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8577452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7258404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7258404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15835856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15835856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15835856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15835856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       192165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       195965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       195965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       195965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25141881097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25141881097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    481993590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481993590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25623874687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25623874687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  25623874687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25623874687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8769617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8769617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7262204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7262204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16031821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16031821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16031821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16031821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130834.861171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130834.861171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126840.418421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126840.418421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130757.404062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130757.404062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 130757.404062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130757.404062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       125332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       125332                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           18933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       136053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       139693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5958686897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5958686897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11068396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11068396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5969755293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5969755293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5969755293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5969755293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106192.737685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.737685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69177.475000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69177.475000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106087.490990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106087.490990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106087.490990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106087.490990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.346920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1012171692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1942747.969290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.346920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12163600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12163600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12163600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12163600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12163600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12163600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8204036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8204036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8204036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8204036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8204036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8204036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12163648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12163648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12163648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12163648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12163648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12163648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170917.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170917.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170917.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170917.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170917.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170917.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6691460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6691460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6691460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6691460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6691460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6691460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171575.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171575.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171575.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171575.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171575.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171575.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                56053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172660979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                56309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3066.312295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.808318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.191682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8577740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8577740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7264510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7264510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15842250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15842250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15842250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15842250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       191605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3802                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       195407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       195407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       195407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       195407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25105796646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25105796646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    479600454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479600454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25585397100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25585397100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25585397100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25585397100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8769345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8769345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7268312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7268312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16037657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16037657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16037657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16037657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 131028.922241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131028.922241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126144.254077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126144.254077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130933.882102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130933.882102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 130933.882102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130933.882102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           19622                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       139354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       139354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       139354                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        55893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        56053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5905328149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5905328149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11022058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11022058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5916350207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5916350207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5916350207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5916350207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105654.163294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105654.163294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68887.862500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68887.862500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105549.216046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105549.216046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105549.216046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105549.216046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.012574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011047082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1948067.595376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    43.012574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.068930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12351247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12351247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12351247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12351247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12351247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12351247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9483889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9483889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9483889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9483889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9483889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9483889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12351304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12351304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12351304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12351304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12351304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12351304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166384.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166384.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166384.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166384.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166384.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166384.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7650775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7650775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7650775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7650775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7650775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7650775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173881.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173881.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173881.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                41487                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166592735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3990.914285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.347644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.652356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.911514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.088486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8503551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8503551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7157721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15661272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15661272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15661272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15661272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       132873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       132873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       133781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       133781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       133781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16544847451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16544847451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     78410521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78410521                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16623257972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16623257972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16623257972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16623257972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8636424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7158629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17236                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15795053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15795053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15795053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15795053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124516.248230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124516.248230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86355.199339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86355.199339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124257.241103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124257.241103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124257.241103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124257.241103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        91540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        92294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        41487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4331956486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4331956486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10292501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10292501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4342248987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4342248987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4342248987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4342248987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104806.244066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104806.244066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66834.422078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66834.422078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104665.292429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104665.292429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104665.292429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104665.292429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.422673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1016757106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1922036.117202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.422673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12299061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12299061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12299061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12299061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12299061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12299061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7995793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7995793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7995793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7995793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7995793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7995793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12299112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12299112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12299112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12299112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12299112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12299112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156780.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156780.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156780.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156780.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156780.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156780.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160586.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160586.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160586.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160586.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160586.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160586.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                72476                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181296296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                72732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2492.662047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.173518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.826482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8531708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8531708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7068288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7068288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15599996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15599996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15599996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15599996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       184696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       184696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       184696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       184696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22565294650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22565294650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69926858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69926858                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22635221508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22635221508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22635221508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22635221508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8715591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8715591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7069101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7069101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15784692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15784692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15784692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15784692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122715.501977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122715.501977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86010.895449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86010.895449                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122553.934617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122553.934617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122553.934617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122553.934617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       112220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        72476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8013829591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8013829591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9012837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9012837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8022842428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8022842428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8022842428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8022842428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110778.529340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110778.529340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66761.755556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66761.755556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110696.539930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110696.539930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110696.539930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110696.539930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
