
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010624                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10623726354                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537725789262                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 429316                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   546380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 284267                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37372.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16044546154                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20419480490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       147328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       254848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       184448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       181504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       183680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       384256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       411392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       406272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       408576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       253440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       414976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       187904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       384000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       254464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       150016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4535680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1106304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1106304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24121103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       421698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13867827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       325310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23988570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17361893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       457843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17084777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       457843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17289602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       445795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36169606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38723889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38241949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       409649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     38458822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       337358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23856036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       421698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39061247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       481940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17687203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       445795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36145509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       349407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23952424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14120846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               426938708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       421698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       325310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       481940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       457843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       457843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       445795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       469892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       457843                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       409649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       337358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       421698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       481940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       445795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       349407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6807404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104135212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104135212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104135212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       409649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24121103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       421698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13867827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       325310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23988570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       481940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17361893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       457843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17084777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       457843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17289602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       445795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36169606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       469892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38723889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       457843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38241949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       409649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     38458822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       337358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23856036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       421698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39061247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       481940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17687203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       445795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36145509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       349407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23952424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       433746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14120846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              531073920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2067852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19801076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11769631                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2067852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1021376                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2588915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        580337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       657971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221360                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20831451     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279672      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323868      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178389      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207598      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112686      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77429      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         200623      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1208650      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23420366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19638929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       823439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2568516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       335307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2141                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14368290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11332                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19669313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        217632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       520403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2558654                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        84095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14358823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        39645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19955106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66870092                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66870092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2929570                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          227494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       747545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14335632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3854                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13544442                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1799844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4162640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          511                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17711734     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297787      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233597      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852654      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746602      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381979      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91482      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59944      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44587      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3223     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12761     43.43%     54.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13396     45.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11335897     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212064      1.57%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252982      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741841      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13544442                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531643                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002169                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50556483                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16139466                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13573822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34280                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       370263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        170498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14339513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233127                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13343530                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1918353                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1866013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           741607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13318933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13318695                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7919937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20739492                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381877                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2070908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       205701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23050103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18039085     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323174     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974389      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584804      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405004      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261585      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136207      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109703      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216152      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23050103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37173478                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29049473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2056197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.547656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.547656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60200513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18484248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13410031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25476526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2310298                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248209                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20082789                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12672916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2310298                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1091047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2640720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        589357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       666496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1248478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23766347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21125627     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         161900      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         203280      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         324746      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136045      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         175188      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         203266      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93930      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1342365      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23766347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19964349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       796562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2628082                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       376058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       351903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15492411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       376058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19985252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         64822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       674607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2608406                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        57195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15396236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        39725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21498080                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     71590675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     71590675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17957916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3540031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1925                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          201306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1444659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       753963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       169079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15030333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14408446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844541                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3770831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23766347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17664426     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2780585     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138492      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637720      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864066      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267398      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262353      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140111      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11196      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23766347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99602     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13717     10.87%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12867     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12136942     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196799      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321478      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751446      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14408446                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52724816                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16878690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14031244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14534632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       376058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         49431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15034060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1444659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1925                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       243269                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14156376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299224                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2050553                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2001510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           751329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14031344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14031244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8405096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22577189                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550752                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10447770                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12874052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159961                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       212668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23390289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941873     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2761343     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002429      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498964      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456835      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192025      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190250      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90566      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256004      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23390289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10447770                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12874052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1909095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1167270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1866084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11590801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       265844                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       256004                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           38168220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30444201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                306425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1710179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10447770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12874052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10447770                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.438465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.438465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       63694167                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19603781                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14325588                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1929472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727571                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1290927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20468609                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10973576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1929472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1386060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2445963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        509229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       305089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1238811                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23573940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21127977     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378666      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         184503      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         373187      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         113852      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         346988      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          52845      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86265      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         909657      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23573940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075735                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20203550                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       575137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2440945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       352319                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       177625                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12233589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       352319                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20233546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        348553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       136520                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2413446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        89550                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12214705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        72883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15963632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55293648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55293648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12902319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3061296                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          189297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2241684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       347847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        79326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12149420                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11361644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575057                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23573940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18588906     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553846      6.59%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1687939      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975649      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492853      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124091      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144347      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3448      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2861      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23573940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18728     57.48%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7621     23.39%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6231     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8884825     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86389      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045113     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344533      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11361644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445965                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46337239                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14374668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11071189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11394224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9516                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       352319                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        228646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10987                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12151024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2241684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103814                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       163350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11219694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2016779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2361281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1708493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           344502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.440393                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11074054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11071189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6709381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14459796                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.434564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.464002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8834338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9910732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       152963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23221621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19551819     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428013      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931488      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289555      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491121      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92895      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59090      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53541      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324099      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23221621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8834338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9910732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2120584                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1782253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1524026                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8650138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       324099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35049003                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24655591                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                458978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1902623                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8834338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9910732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8834338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.883811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.883811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52211633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14387921                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13053577                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2102970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720946                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865364                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826057                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20236222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11762537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2102970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1042913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2454569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        567407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       463018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1239797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207131                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23511430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21056861     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114361      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         182290      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         245988      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         252322      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         213890      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         119633      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         177311      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1148774      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23511430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20032273                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       669009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2449943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2846                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       357357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       345650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14431517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       357357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20087608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        135667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       408106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2398203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14425276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        16779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20129615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67105641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67105641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17411664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2717951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          376224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       730965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       227356                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14406039                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13667047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2021                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1616174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3886206                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23511430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17687335     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2427605     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1220958      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       892737      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704813      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288206      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182190      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94795      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12791      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23511430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2652     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8390     36.70%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11817     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11493407     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203909      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1712      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239635      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728384      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13667047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536456                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22859                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50870404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16025861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13458150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13689906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220192                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11152                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       357357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        107618                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14409652                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10340                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       236902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13475523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1893752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1914474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           728308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13458282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13458150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7726803                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20820940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528256                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10150467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12490473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919182                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       209483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23154073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17995017     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2574091     11.12%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956679      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456654      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406073      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222130      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180740      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87832      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       274857      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23154073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10150467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12490473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1851266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1131453                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1801295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11253718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       257263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       274857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37288793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29176682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308598                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1965133                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10150467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12490473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10150467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.509891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.509891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60648605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18748381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13377553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2103418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720817                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206872                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864506                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20241676                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11762160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2103418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1043469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2454642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       460747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1239775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206915                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23513609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21058967     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114569      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181919      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         245563      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252556      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         214746      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120284      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177420      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147585      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23513609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461686                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20036848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       667634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2450069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       346209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14430113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20092366                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        134997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       407004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2398071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14423928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20126831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67099780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67099780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17421141                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2705690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3578                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          377234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1350787                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       731061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8651                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       285747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14404747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13670420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1607021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3862218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23513609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17641186     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2487092     10.58%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233756      5.25%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       876741      3.73%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697149      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289079      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181243      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94760      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12603      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23513609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2778     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8387     37.05%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11475     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11496219     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203975      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239943      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728570      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13670420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536588                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50879089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16015425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13462178                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13693060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10847                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        106795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14408371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1350787                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13479407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1894420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1915554                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           728502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13462300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13462178                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7728050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20823901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528414                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10155993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12497342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1911030                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209247                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23157329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17957648     77.55%     77.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2613128     11.28%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       952116      4.11%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       460719      1.99%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       424918      1.83%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223173      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166695      0.72%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89338      0.39%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269594      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23157329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10155993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12497342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1852299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1132085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1802314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11259890                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257409                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       269594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37296029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29173039                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1962954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10155993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12497342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10155993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60667578                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18751873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13377822                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2103130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       864619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20238470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11760231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2103130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1043150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2454170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        566445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       461661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1239849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207167                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23511085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21056915     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         114522      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         181754      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         245815      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         252439      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         214339      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         120030      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         177617      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1147654      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23511085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082552                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20033717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       668441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2449598                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       356520                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       346040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14428755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       356520                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20089131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        136364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       406624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2397707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14422530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        54392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20124554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     67091358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     67091358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17414071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2710453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          376316                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1350876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       730644                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       289035                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14402546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13667777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3863180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23511085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17638468     75.02%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2485687     10.57%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1238766      5.27%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874786      3.72%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696109      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       287916      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181886      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94868      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12599      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23511085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2800     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8385     37.04%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11455     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11494755     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203797      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1712      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239241      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728272      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13667777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536484                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50871270                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16016336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13459718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13690417                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       356520                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        107976                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14406103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1350876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730644                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116687                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       236571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13476828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165360                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1893574                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1914864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           728214                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528989                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13459853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13459718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7726354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20822389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528318                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371060                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10151870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12492207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3456                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       209351                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23154565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17954742     77.54%     77.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2613804     11.29%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       952782      4.11%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457062      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       430232      1.86%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222925      0.96%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       164843      0.71%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88358      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269817      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23154565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10151870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12492207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1851512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1131607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1801532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11255287                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       257298                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       269817                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37290760                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29168735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                308546                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1965478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10151870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12492207                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10151870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.509544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.509544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398479                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398479                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60654477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18749469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13375286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2067362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1690873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851451                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9143                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20049179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11734397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2067362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1024340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2456987                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        594216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       361899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1235058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23253623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20796636     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         133676      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         209245      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         333986      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         139040      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         154516      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         165544      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         107851      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1213129      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23253623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19863723                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       549183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2449099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       385283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       338688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14324655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       385283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19895527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        174914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       283584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2424238                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        90064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14315092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5232                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19871343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66586595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66586595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16919901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2951413                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3651                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2012                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          269977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1364368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       733058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22016                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       166776                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14292536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3659                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13507312                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17254                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4133898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          356                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23253623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17559861     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2284345      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1248464      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854121      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       797133      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       227963      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       178967      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60625      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42144      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23253623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3223     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10067     39.18%     51.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12402     48.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11315295     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213796      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248100      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728484      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13507312                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001902                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50311192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16140223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13286953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13533004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39567                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22898                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          876                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       385283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        121197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14296218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1364368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117491                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       235430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13313095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1901821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1872372                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           728116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13287168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13286953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7769315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20297368                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9939080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12182664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2113580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       208273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22868340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17920564     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2396481     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933230      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503624      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375119      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210008      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130142      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115893      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283279      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22868340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9939080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12182664                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1826971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1116811                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1748664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10977608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       247519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       283279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36881240                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28977821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                325729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2222940                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9939080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12182664                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9939080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.563272                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.563272                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390126                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390126                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60031900                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18419290                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13360561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1984845                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1790514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       755750                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705868                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21022297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12490209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1984845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       815154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2467561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        335064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       482421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1208983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24198236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21730675     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          87570      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         180165      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          74949      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         408177      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         364573      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          69942      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         148933      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1133252      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24198236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077909                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20902650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       603635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2458514                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       225699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       174500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14647176                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1574                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       225699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20925086                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        425673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       109655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2445117                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        66999                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14638594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        24849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          452                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17202604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68943243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68943243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15212851                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1989748                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          173482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3448677                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1742806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        85000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14607189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1717                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14031392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1152071                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2767652                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24198236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19215815     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488315      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226933      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528763      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672054      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649362      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369468      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29120      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18406      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24198236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35505     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276685     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8041      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8808684     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122671      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360481     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738716     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14031392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320231                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52588661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15761347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13909565                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14351623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25757                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          371                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       225699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        388671                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14608916                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3448677                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          371                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60693                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63845                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       124538                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13931765                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5087488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1824297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1738533                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546846                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13910108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13909565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7516527                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14818302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11288877                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13266267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1343869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       108583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23972537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19163940     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1753514      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823034      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813954      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221425      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       946963      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70813      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51722      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127172      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23972537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11288877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13266267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5042929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3311454                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1751615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11797249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       128524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38455462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29446007                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                462743                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1278327                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11288877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13266267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11288877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.256785                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.256785                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443108                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443108                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68861609                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16164489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17427684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1985441                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791421                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       747121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21026820                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12493942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1985441                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       816483                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2468587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        335264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       481073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1209261                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21733853     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          87402      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         180237      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          74953      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         408923      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         364219      1.50%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          70968      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         149282      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1132603      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24202440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20907248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       602330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2459399                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7751                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       225707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       174158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14651026                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       225707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20930295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        422401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       110874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2445450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14641734                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        27466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        25162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          352                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17205762                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     68961222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     68961222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15218834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1986923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1772                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          176645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3448988                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1742988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        85094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14609897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14033201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1149132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2772446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19219566     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490167      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1224748      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       528613      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672617      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649158      2.68%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370073      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28981      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18517      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35630     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276727     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8021      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8810475     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122666      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360542     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738678     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14033201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320378                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52596740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15761181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13911284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14353579                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       225707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        385775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18211                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14611692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3448988                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       124702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13933462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5087213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1824155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1738501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13911821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13911284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7516920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14825440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546042                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507028                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11292318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13270520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1342621                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       108785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23976733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19165625     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1755458      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824077      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813176      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221289      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947014      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70935      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51728      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127431      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23976733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11292318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13270520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5043545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3311841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1752238                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11801055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       128605                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38462404                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29452033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                463010                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1274123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11292318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13270520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11292318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.256097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.256097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       68870312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16167141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17431052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1986143                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       741685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         706745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109292                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21024017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12497797                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1986143                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       816037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2469386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        336432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       482006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1209169                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21733313     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          87803      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         180123      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          74958      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         408861      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         364381      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          70486      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         148954      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1133820      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24202699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.490561                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20905277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       602355                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2460409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       227049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       174573                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14657016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       227049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20927823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        423992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       110355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2446818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        66655                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14648056                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        24789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          382                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17213241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68987257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68987257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15211756                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2001477                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          173273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3450560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1743054                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15757                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        84306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14616105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14033489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1162660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2803400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220031     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488719      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225756      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529481      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       671915      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649681      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369538      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29102      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18476      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35626     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276731     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8023      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8809828     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122741      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          839      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3361313     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738768     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14033489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320380                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52597751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15780856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13910921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14353869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       227049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        387574                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14617840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3450560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1743054                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63590                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       124599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13933593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3349343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5087928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1824317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1738585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13911469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13910921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7515639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14820958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11288198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13265427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1353783                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       108632                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23975650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19166150     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1754461      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823747      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813579      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221283      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       946791      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70924      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51616      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127099      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23975650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11288198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13265427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5042782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3311379                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1751487                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11796504                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       128510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       127099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38467722                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29465520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                462961                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1273864                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11288198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13265427                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11288198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.256920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.256920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       68869280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16165203                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17435288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1928651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1291240                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273964                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4561                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20475594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10969986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1928651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1385941                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2444940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        507910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       301486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1238729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23575331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21130391     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         378427      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         183846      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         372998      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         114768      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         346756      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          53157      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86005      0.36%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         908983      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23575331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20210127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       571992                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2439921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       351355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       177275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1956                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12228388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       351355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20240264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        348434                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       133617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2412177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        89478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12209318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        72823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15955556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55268223                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55268223                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12905450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3050086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          189332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2241632                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       347578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3095                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        79342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12145709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11359387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7271                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2217064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4566969                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23575331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18589125     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555770      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1687772      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976267      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492629      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123054      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144387      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3452      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2875      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23575331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18595     57.37%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7587     23.41%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6228     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8882597     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86335      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2045364     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344307      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11359387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32410                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46333786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14364392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11070427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11391797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8699                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       351355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        228154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12147304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2241632                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4116                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59533                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       163124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11219127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2017543                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2361821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1708531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           344278                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440371                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11073187                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11070427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6707920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14452048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9913378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234396                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       152617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23223976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552890     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428282      6.15%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932280      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289735      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491048      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93013      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59072      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53606      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324050      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23223976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8836984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9913378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2121374                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1783044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1524466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8652344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       324050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35047674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24647176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                458573                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1901232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8836984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9913378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8836984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.882948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.882948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52211397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14387442                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13050319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25476562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1984963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1790662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707195                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109515                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21032315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12489191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1984963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       816710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2468494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        334238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       479395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1209528                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24205239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21736745     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          87867      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         180768      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          75221      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         408611      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         364428      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          70998      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         148244      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1132357      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24205239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077913                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.490223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20912392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       600857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2459395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       224785                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       174466                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14645035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       224785                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20934773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        423074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       109480                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2446209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        66911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14636551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        27614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        24655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          544                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17199673                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     68935319                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     68935319                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15221913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1977700                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1707                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          172062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3448293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1742989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        84950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14606151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14035818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7541                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1143146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2743317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24205239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19219906     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490899      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226378      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529175      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672446      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649615      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369295      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29191      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18334      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24205239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35511     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276573     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8030      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8812270     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122691      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3361208     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738809     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14035818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.550931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52604530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15751374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13913676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14355932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       224785                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        386145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14607879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3448293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12333                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61348                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       124469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13936082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3349340                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5087977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1824939                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1738637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.547016                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13914221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13913676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7517668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14821306                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11294248                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13272855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1336269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       108692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23980454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377262                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19168691     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1754961      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824143      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814347      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221249      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947246      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70775      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51645      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127397      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23980454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11294248                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13272855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5043929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3312085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1752574                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11803181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       127397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38462142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          29443117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1271323                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11294248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13272855                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11294248                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.255711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.255711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443319                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443319                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68882358                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16169967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17426804                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2103360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20235545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11760806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2103360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1043465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2454682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        566248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       461292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1239780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207131                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23508008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21053326     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         114740      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         181703      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         245994      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         252673      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         214466      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         120235      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         177012      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1147859      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23508008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20031085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       667739                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2450125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2831                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       356226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       345988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14429584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       356226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20086380                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        136055                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       406444                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2398389                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       124512                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14423451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        54303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20126483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67096932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67096932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17421029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2705447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1867                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          375350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       730872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       227001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14404320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13670889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1607269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3857344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23508008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17683024     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2426919     10.32%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1221328      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893089      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705941      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288321      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181744      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94922      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12720      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23508008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2641     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8399     36.74%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11822     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11496905     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203996      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239864      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728411      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13670889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22862                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001672                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50874667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16015245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13462934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13693751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28212                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       356226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        107580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14407940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1869                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       236292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13480117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1894320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1915455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           728359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13463071                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13462934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7729174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20826242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10155932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12497267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1910671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3456                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23151782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17990676     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2574783     11.12%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956670      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457258      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406900      1.76%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222077      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180203      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87553      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275662      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23151782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10155932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12497267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1852288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1132078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1802299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11259827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       257408                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       275662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37283980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29172123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                308701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1968555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10155932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12497267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10155932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.508540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.508540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398638                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398638                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60670650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18754116                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13376431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2067306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1690751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851909                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20048136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11734377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2067306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1024789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2457099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        593106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       357413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1234776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23247438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20790339     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         133296      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         209902      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         334029      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         138692      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         154529      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         165944      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         107924      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1212783      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23247438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19862748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       544690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2449217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6270                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       384512                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       338704                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14324206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       384512                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19894645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        175466                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       278844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2424182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        89776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14314501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4877                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19871311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66585725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66585725                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16927761                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2943550                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2020                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          270232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1363529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       733142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       166644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14292430                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13510478                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1839592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4116768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          367                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23247438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17553672     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2284794      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1247513      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853169      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       797516      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228474      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179559      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60565      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42176      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23247438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3226     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9965     38.99%     51.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12369     48.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318018     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213958      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248259      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728605      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13510478                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25560                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50310937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16135850                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13290823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13536038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40046                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       384512                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        121425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12338                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14296121                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1363529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2020                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117870                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       235092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13316673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1902383                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1872979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           728233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13291078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13290823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7771247                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20302317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521688                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9943625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2107859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22862926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17913721     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2397157     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933497      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503231      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375393      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210116      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130134      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115921      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283756      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22862926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9943625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12188295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1827787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1117310                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1749496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10982679                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       247644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       283756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36875259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28976859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                325476                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2229125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9943625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12188295                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9943625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.562100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.562100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390305                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390305                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60050357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18423862                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13361317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1927155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154910                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1302771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20463205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10955087                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1927155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1385232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2443190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        509711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       304745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1238844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23565108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21121918     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         378721      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184053      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         372645      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         114156      0.48%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         346921      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          52612      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          85786      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         908296      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23565108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075644                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20201889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       571064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2438150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       352007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       177757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12216277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       352007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20231563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        345792                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       136662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2410894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12197200                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        71606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15944223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55214641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55214641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12887114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3057099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          186730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2236743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       347076                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12131660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11346421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7517                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2218203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4560136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23565108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18584466     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554916      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1685737      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       972633      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493532      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123917      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143714      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3409      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2784      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23565108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18723     57.52%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7607     23.37%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6220     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8875482     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86322      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2040030     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343803      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11346421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.445367                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46298017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14351491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11055462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11378971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       352007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        227840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10792                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12133265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2236743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347076                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4069                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       163681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11203023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2011276                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2355047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1706080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           343771                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.439738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11058207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11055462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6699092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14443544                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.433946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8821474                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9897868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2235866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       153756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23213101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19546479     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428071      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930075      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       288993      1.24%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490521      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93148      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58997      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53674      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323143      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23213101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8821474                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9897868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2116729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1778408                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1521907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8639383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       120463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       323143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35023666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24619738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                458936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1911455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8821474                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9897868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8821474                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.888017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.888017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52129488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14371491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13029864                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25476563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2305996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1919971                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880149                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         842776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248167                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20079536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12650301                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2305996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1090943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2637146                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        589806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       664304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1248327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23757239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21120093     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         161234      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         204717      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         324384      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         135677      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         174793      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         203469      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          93267      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1339605      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23757239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090514                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.496547                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19961150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       794267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2624549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       375966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       350735                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15464986                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       375966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19981929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         64909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       672544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2604996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        56888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15368893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21464083                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71472754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71472754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17941099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3522984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          200338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1442434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       752186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       169513                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15008305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3740                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14388993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838440                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3759777                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23757239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17660428     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2780870     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1136392      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637490      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       862847      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266099      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261945      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140028      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11140      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23757239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99515     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13568     10.77%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12864     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12121068     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196685      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1779      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319827      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       749634      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14388993                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564793                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52676085                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16850577                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14013010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14514940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10784                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11066                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       375966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15012051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1442434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       243978                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14138076                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1297742                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       250917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2047263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1998962                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           749521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.554944                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14013108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14013010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8395778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22557107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.550035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372201                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10437960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12861972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2150141                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       213195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23381273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17937291     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2759372     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002163      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498043      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456410      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191712      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189988      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90335      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255959      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23381273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10437960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12861972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1907298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1166178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1864346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11579904                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       265591                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       255959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38137349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30400207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                307173                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1719324                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10437960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12861972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10437960                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.440761                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.440761                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.409708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.409708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63612926                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19581514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14299983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          35440                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.210650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1362235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          68206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.972363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           233.486521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.751206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   852.992036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.928996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   491.575551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.971470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   825.970886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.385245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   600.665827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.680060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   586.990691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.769938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   593.779583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.934420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1218.035850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.104835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1360.264691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.297544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1350.523243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.239770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1363.605878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.949141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   834.044627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.836575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1364.826128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.767544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   610.380644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.937614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1227.075230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.289328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   832.529481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.694446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   504.726649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1096.795231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           767.302480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1242.896618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           877.784179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           906.614889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           886.132368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1304.692161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1265.630309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1276.635159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1270.633348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1262.143884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1270.382836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           875.506585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1292.457763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1231.525882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           746.065311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.015002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.025207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.018121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.037172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.041512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.041614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.041651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.037447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.015403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.033472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.023416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.026788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.027668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.027043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.039816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.038624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.038960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.038777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.038518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.026718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.039443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.022768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   58581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16642                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16642                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4939                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4921                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58780                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 35432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  35436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 35436                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5173726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302669090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    174298651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4064405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300140555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6240376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    217145873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6043578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214766115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5997361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216367280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5533310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    456293941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6153062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    489925779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5718747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    483495629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4949783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    485591121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    297258304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5337294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    493471119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6405106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221826396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5576156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455032159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4393302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300464657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5471058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177930860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5373337508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       288088                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       136268                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       215821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        640177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5173726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302957178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    174298651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4064405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300140555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6240376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    217145873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6043578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214766115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5997361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216367280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5533310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    456293941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6153062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    489925779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5718747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    483495629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4949783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    485727389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    297258304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5337294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    493471119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6405106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221826396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5576156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455247980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4393302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300464657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5471058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177930860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5373977685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5173726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302957178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5467453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    174298651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4064405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    300140555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6240376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    217145873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6043578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    214766115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5997361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216367280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5533310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    456293941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6153062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    489925779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5718747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    483495629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4949783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    485727389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4135262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    297258304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5337294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    493471119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6405106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221826396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5576156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    455247980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4393302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    300464657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5471058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177930860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5373977685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               94013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                94216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               94216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.414055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.019704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152168.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151334.545000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151432.364031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150533.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150748.646409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156009.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150691.098543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159041.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151457.062764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157825.289474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150778.592334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151996.649234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157770.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152434.903236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150493.342105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152330.065848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145581.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152175.218113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147687.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.456566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152494.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152165.007401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160127.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151107.899183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150706.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151727.962321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151493.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151139.163481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151973.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151818.139932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151652.108490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       144044                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       136268                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       215821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160044.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152168.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151327.261738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151432.364031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150533.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150748.646409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156009.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150691.098543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159041.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151457.062764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157825.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150778.592334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151996.649234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157770.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152434.903236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150493.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152330.065848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145581.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152170.234649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147687.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.456566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152494.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152165.007401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160127.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151107.899183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150706.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151749.326667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151493.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151139.163481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151973.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151818.139932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151653.055791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152168.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151327.261738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156212.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151432.364031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150533.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150748.646409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156009.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150691.098543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 159041.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151457.062764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157825.289474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150778.592334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149548.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151996.649234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157770.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152434.903236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150493.342105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152330.065848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 145581.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152170.234649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147687.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150130.456566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152494.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152165.007401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160127.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151107.899183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150706.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151749.326667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151493.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151139.163481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151973.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151818.139932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151653.055791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8643                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8643                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            35432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             35436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            35436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3198125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186190248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107298239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184138041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3916265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    133224877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3836653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    132205111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3789517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    132820283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3381667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    281462026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3884735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302905235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3511963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    298786530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2973298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299905351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2505048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    181928994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3301155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304774305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4082425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136336852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3420723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280383255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    184672047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3375821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109686108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3310523230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       172419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        77603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       157667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       407689                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3198125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186362667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107298239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184138041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3916265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    133224877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3836653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    132205111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3789517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    132820283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3381667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    281462026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3884735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302905235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3511963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    298786530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2973298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299982954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2505048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    181928994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3301155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304774305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4082425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136336852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3420723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280540922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    184672047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3375821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109686108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3310930919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3198125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186362667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3432256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    107298239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184138041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3916265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    133224877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3836653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    132205111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3789517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    132820283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3381667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    281462026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3884735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302905235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3511963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    298786530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2973298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    299982954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2505048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    181928994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3301155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304774305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4082425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136336852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3420723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    280540922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    184672047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3375821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    109686108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3310930919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.357265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.414055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.311206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.376114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.303294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.394211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.390406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.391081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.397232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.355706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.413337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.309889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93095.124000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93221.754127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92278.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92485.203918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97906.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92453.072172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100964.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93233.505642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99724.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92557.688502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91396.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93758.169887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99608.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94245.561605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92420.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94135.642722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87449.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93984.754309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        89466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91883.330303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94318.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93979.125809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102060.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92872.514986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92451.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93492.249083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93260.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92893.383803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93772.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93588.829352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93433.146026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86209.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        77603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       157667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101922.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93088.245255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93221.754127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92278.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92485.203918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97906.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92453.072172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100964.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93233.505642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99724.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92557.688502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91396.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93758.169887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99608.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94245.561605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92420.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94135.642722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87449.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93979.622180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        89466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91883.330303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94318.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93979.125809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102060.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92872.514986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92451.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93513.640667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93260.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92893.383803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93772.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93588.829352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93434.104272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93088.245255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 98064.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93221.754127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92278.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92485.203918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97906.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92453.072172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 100964.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93233.505642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99724.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92557.688502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91396.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93758.169887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 99608.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94245.561605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92420.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94135.642722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87449.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93979.622180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst        89466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91883.330303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94318.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93979.125809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 102060.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92872.514986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92451.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93513.640667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93260.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92893.383803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93772.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93588.829352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93434.104272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.534380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1936613.941973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.534380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.047331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6835535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6835535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6835535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6835535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6835535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6835535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155353.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155353.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155353.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155353.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155353.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155353.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5594447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5594447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5594447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5594447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5594447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5594447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159841.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159841.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159841.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159841.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159841.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159841.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158373254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26720.643496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.274168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.725832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.879977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.120023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726501                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1585546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1585546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2399422657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2399422657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55776165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55776165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2455198822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2455198822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2455198822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2455198822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124645.332831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124645.332831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123126.192053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123126.192053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124610.405624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124610.405624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124610.405624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124610.405624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14032                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    569538931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569538931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1319875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1319875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    570858806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570858806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    570858806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570858806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100732.035904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100732.035904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77639.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77639.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100662.811850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100662.811850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100662.811850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100662.811850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.159771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003037388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2038693.878049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.159771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1248430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1248430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1248430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1248430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1248430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8196456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8196456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1248478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1248478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1248478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170759.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6504237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175790.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148773773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36725.196988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.912613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.087387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.859034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.140966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       994998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       738127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1733125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1733125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1015853936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015853936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5879851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5879851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1021733787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1021733787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1021733787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1021733787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1004675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       738193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1742868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1742868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1742868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1742868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104976.122352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104976.122352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89088.651515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89088.651515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104868.499128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104868.499128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104868.499128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104868.499128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5948                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    363368107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363368107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1096506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1096506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    364464613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364464613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    364464613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364464613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96129.128836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96129.128836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73100.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73100.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96038.106192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96038.106192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96038.106192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96038.106192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              548.431351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              919935960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1657542.270270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.100106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.331245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.035417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1238777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1238777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1238777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1238777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1238777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5260160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5260160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5260160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5260160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5260160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5260160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1238811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1238811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1238811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154710.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154710.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154710.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154710.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154710.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154710.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4467361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4467361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4467361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4467361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159548.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159548.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159548.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159548.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159548.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159548.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5564                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205255954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35267.346048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   191.580582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    64.419418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.748362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.251638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1848111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1848111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2184818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2184818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2184818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2184818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2088415968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2088415968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2491881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2491881                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2090907849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2090907849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2090907849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2090907849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1867475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1867475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2204212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2204212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2204212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2204212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107850.442471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107850.442471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83062.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83062.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107812.099051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107812.099051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107812.099051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107812.099051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    561188598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561188598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       389827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    561578425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561578425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    561578425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561578425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100969.521051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100969.521051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64971.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64971.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100930.701833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100930.701833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100930.701833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100930.701833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.364157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999935579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1930377.565637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.364157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.056673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1239744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1239744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10493440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10493440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10493440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10493440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10493440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10493440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197989.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197989.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197989.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197989.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 197989.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197989.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8814962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8814962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8814962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8814962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8814962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8814962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204999.116279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204999.116279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204999.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204999.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 204999.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204999.116279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152468585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34738.798132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.237428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.762572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       852992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       716398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1569390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1569390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1565782871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1565782871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9257658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9257658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1575040529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1575040529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1575040529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1575040529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       866130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       716500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1582630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1582630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119179.697899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119179.697899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90761.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90761.352941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118960.765030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118960.765030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118960.765030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118960.765030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    413770489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413770489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1364224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1364224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    415134713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    415134713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    415134713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    415134713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100551.759174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100551.759174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 75790.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75790.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100443.917977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100443.917977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100443.917977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100443.917977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.290033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999935561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937859.614341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.290033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1239726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1239726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10408243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10408243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10408243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10408243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10408243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10408243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212413.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212413.122449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212413.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212413.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 212413.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212413.122449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8739001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8739001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8739001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8739001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8739001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8739001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213146.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213146.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213146.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213146.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 213146.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213146.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152469069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34746.825205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.254390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.745610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       853083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       716792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1569875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1569875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1561530537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1561530537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8792935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8792935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1570323472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1570323472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1570323472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1570323472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       866255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       716900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1583155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118549.236031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118549.236031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81416.064815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81416.064815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118247.249398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118247.249398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118247.249398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118247.249398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    412157626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412157626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1234771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1234771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    413392397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413392397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    413392397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413392397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100184.157997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100184.157997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68598.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68598.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100046.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100046.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100046.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100046.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.560549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999935635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1937859.757752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.560549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1239800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1239800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1239800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10321688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10321688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10321688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10321688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10321688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10321688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1239849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210646.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210646.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210646.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210646.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 210646.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210646.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8778717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8778717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8778717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8778717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8778717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8778717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 214115.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214115.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 214115.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214115.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 214115.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214115.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152468376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             34770.439225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.255922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.744078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.872093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.127907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       852747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       716498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1569245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1569245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1570337658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1570337658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8590647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8590647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1578928305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1578928305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1578928305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1578928305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       865947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       716593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118964.974091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118964.974091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90427.863158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90427.863158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118761.060925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118761.060925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118761.060925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118761.060925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    413837967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413837967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1283573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1283573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415121540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    415121540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415121540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    415121540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100641.528940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100641.528940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75504.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75504.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100538.033422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100538.033422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100538.033422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100538.033422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.286071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005693055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1904721.695076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.286071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1235010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1235010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7619936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7619936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7619936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7619936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7619936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7619936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158748.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158748.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158748.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158748.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158748.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158748.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6010794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6010794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158178.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158178.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158178.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158178.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158178.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158178.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167225319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22143.183130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.550739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.449261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       854899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       706743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706743                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1561642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1561642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2205393281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205393281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7025203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7025203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2212418484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2212418484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2212418484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2212418484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       873500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       706828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1962                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118563.156873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118563.156873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82649.447059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82649.447059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118399.790431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118399.790431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118399.790431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118399.790431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    775728263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775728263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       991226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    776719489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776719489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    776719489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776719489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106541.445269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106541.445269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66081.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66081.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106458.263295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106458.263295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106458.263295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106458.263295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              573.560324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030791709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1768081.833619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.198387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.361937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1208928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1208928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1208928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1208928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9256806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9256806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9256806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9256806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9256806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9256806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1208983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1208983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1208983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1208983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168305.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168305.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168305.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168305.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168305.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168305.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7115476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7115476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7115476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177886.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177886.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177886.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177886.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406435391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48333.379831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.089645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.910355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3159724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3159724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1729726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4889450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4889450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        28912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        28912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3359606162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3359606162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2637381                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2637381                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3362243543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3362243543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3362243543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3362243543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3188606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1729756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4918362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4918362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116321.797729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116321.797729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87912.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87912.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116292.319556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116292.319556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116292.319556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116292.319556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    873537806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873537806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       652323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       652323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    874190129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874190129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    874190129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874190129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107261.518418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107261.518418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107223.123881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107223.123881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107223.123881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107223.123881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              572.333669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030791990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1771120.257732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.971576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.362093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1209209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1209209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8403524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8403524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8403524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8403524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8403524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8403524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161606.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161606.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161606.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161606.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161606.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161606.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6507359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6507359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166855.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166855.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166855.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166855.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166855.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166855.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406435855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48465.997496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.093661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.906339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3159897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3159897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1729954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4889851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4889851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        28775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        28775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3328763011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3328763011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2570346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2570346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3331333357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3331333357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3331333357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3331333357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3188642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1729984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4918626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4918626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115803.200939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115803.200939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85678.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85678.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115771.793467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115771.793467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115771.793467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115771.793467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    868372582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    868372582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       647982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       647982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    869020564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    869020564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    869020564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    869020564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106929.267578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106929.267578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        71998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106890.598278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106890.598278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106890.598278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106890.598278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.371791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1030791902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1783376.993080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.010212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.361579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.048093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1209121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1209121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1209121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1209121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1209121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7408782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7408782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7408782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7408782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7408782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7408782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1209169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1209169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1209169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154349.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154349.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154349.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154349.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154349.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154349.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5689522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5689522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5689522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5689522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5689522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5689522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162557.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162557.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162557.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162557.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162557.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162557.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              406436371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             48281.821216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.086811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.913189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3160770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3160770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1729658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4890428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4890428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4890428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4890428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        28816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        28816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3341444735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3341444735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2539557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2539557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3343984292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3343984292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3343984292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3343984292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3189559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3189559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1729685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          853                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4919244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4919244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4919244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4919244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116066.717670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116066.717670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94057.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94057.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116046.095641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116046.095641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116046.095641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116046.095641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    873946472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873946472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       695657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       695657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    874642129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874642129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    874642129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874642129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107193.238317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107193.238317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77295.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77295.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107160.270644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107160.270644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107160.270644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107160.270644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              549.097627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              919935876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654560.928058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.767433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.330194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1238693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1238693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1238693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1238693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1238693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5325235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5325235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5325235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5325235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5325235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5325235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1238729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1238729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1238729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147923.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147923.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147923.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147923.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 147923.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147923.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4460295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4460295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4460295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4460295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4460295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4460295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153803.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153803.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153803.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153803.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153803.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153803.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205257075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35213.085435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   191.840239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    64.159761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.749376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.250624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1849236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2185943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2185943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2080283340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2080283340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2632011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2632011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2082915351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2082915351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2082915351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2082915351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1868560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1868560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2205297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2205297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2205297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2205297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107652.832747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107652.832747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87733.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87733.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107621.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107621.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107621.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107621.956753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    559866884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559866884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       437046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       437046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    560303930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560303930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    560303930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560303930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100568.867253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100568.867253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        72841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100539.014893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100539.014893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100539.014893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100539.014893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              571.433769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030792263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1780297.518135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.072066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.361704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.048192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1209482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1209482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1209482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7382088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7382088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7382088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7382088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7382088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7382088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1209528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160480.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160480.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160480.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160480.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160480.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160480.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6047250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6047250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6047250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6047250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6047250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6047250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167979.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167979.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167979.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167979.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167979.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167979.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406436402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             48281.824899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.088151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.911849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3160368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3160368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1730095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1730095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4890463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4890463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4890463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4890463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        28914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        28914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        28914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3347547328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3347547328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2483820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2483820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3350031148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3350031148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3350031148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3350031148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3189252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3189252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1730125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1730125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4919377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4919377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4919377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4919377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115896.251489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115896.251489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        82794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115861.905928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115861.905928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115861.905928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115861.905928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20750                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    874274627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874274627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       647689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       647689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    874922316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874922316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    874922316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874922316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107207.189086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107207.189086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71965.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71965.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107168.338560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107168.338560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107168.338560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107168.338560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.901892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              999935562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1930377.532819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.901892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1239727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1239727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1239727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1239727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1239727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11028497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11028497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11028497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11028497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11028497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11028497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1239780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1239780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1239780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208084.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208084.849057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208084.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208084.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 208084.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208084.849057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8991868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8991868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8991868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8991868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8991868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8991868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 209113.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209113.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 209113.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209113.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 209113.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209113.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152468597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34786.355692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.376233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.623767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.872563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.127437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       852612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       716789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1569401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1569401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1575319143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1575319143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10855374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10855374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1586174517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1586174517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1586174517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1586174517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       865811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       716897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1726                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1582708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119351.401091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119351.401091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100512.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100512.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119198.505824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119198.505824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119198.505824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119198.505824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    414580196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414580196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1455103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1455103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    416035299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416035299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    416035299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    416035299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100895.642735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100895.642735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80839.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80839.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100808.165496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100808.165496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 100808.165496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100808.165496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.099237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005692772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1904721.159091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.099237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1234727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1234727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1234727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1234727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1234727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7561443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7561443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7561443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7561443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7561443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7561443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1234776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1234776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1234776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154315.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154315.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154315.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154315.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154315.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154315.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6049278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6049278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6049278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6049278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159191.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159191.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159191.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159191.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159191.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159191.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167225530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22255.194304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.552593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.447407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       854789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       707056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1561845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1561845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2207283466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2207283466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8401660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8401660                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2215685126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2215685126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2215685126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2215685126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       873337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       707144                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707144                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1969                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1580481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1580481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119003.853030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119003.853030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95473.409091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95473.409091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118892.741253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118892.741253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118892.741253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118892.741253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    773146419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773146419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1129719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1129719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    774276138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774276138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    774276138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774276138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106743.948502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106743.948502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 75314.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75314.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106678.993938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106678.993938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106678.993938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106678.993938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              548.887161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919935988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1651590.642729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.556063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.331098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.036148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1238805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1238805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1238805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5822949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5822949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5822949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5822949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1238844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149306.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149306.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149306.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149306.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149306.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149306.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4808711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4808711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4808711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4808711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4808711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4808711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160290.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160290.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160290.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160290.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160290.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160290.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205251090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35315.053338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.875762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.124238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.745608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.254392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1843253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1843253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       336700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2179953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2179953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2179953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2179953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2094884425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2094884425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2422532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2422532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2097306957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2097306957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2097306957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2097306957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1862571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1862571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2199298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2199298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2199298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2199298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108442.096749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108442.096749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89723.407407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89723.407407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108415.970897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108415.970897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108415.970897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108415.970897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13789                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13789                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561054772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561054772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       416839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561471611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561471611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    561471611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561471611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101090.949910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101090.949910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69473.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69473.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101056.805436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.805436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101056.805436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.805436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.552056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003037238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2034558.292089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.552056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.053769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1248280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1248280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1248280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1248280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1248280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7610335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7610335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7610335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7610335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7610335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7610335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1248327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1248327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1248327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161922.021277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161922.021277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161922.021277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161922.021277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161922.021277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161922.021277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6191689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6191689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6191689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162939.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162939.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162939.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162939.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162939.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162939.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148771865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36842.958148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.865339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.134661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.858849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.141151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       993796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        993796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       737406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1731202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1731202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1731202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1731202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1020679307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1020679307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7715903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7715903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1028395210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1028395210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1028395210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1028395210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1003439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1003439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       737492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1740931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1740931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1740931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1740931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105846.656331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105846.656331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89719.802326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89719.802326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105704.102169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105704.102169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105704.102169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105704.102169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        65370                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        65370                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    364890022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364890022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1289235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1289235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    366179257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366179257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    366179257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366179257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96890.605948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96890.605948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80577.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80577.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96821.590957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96821.590957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96821.590957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96821.590957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
