
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1031095467                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759446722                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311229                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394102                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26595                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67602964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38770.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12066597507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279640693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        72704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        71808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        72576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        14464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               663808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       299136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            299136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13903659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     71504533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1862097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20234790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1737957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     47421409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1613818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     70511415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1737957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     47917968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17876133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1862097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21352048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     69642436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13655380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17627854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1737957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     47793829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14896778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1613818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     70387275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1737957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     47793829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3351775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14027799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               643789078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1613818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1862097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1737957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1613818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1737957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1862097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1613818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1737957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1613818                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1737957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3351775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37241944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         290114746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              290114746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         290114746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13903659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1613818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     71504533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1862097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20234790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1737957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     47421409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1613818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     70511415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1737957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     47917968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17876133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1862097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21352048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1613818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     69642436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13655380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17627854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1737957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     47793829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14896778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1613818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     70387275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1737957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     47793829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3351775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14027799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              933903824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21765                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84609                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232453                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        60594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          121904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2042186     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15606      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19581      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31396      1.37%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12636      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16907      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19463      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9112      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131448      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2298335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1930643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        73406                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505467                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1933081                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        62181                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495212                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2088563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6948111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6948111                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         369703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1806                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412433                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1711506     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266049     11.58%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110495      4.81%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61299      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82961      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25981      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25451      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13482      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1111      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9699     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1347     10.95%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169692     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127878      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72086      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561605                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5089740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24700                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363470                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          808944                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232096                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21737                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737062     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264940     11.73%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95775      4.24%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47789      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43750      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18450      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18191      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8677      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24388      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3693062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956226                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30734                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                174317                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232096                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6131674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1888990                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472498                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         192758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78898                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19170                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1139983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            192758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              233919                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         64075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        60480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          116774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20464                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2206474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1972555     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          12217      0.55%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19603      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          29568      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12346      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14410      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15479      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10755      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         119541      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2206474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1845794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        84507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          232257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          317                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1382094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1850435                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         40364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        29996                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          229043                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1378920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         1062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1197                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1886788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6427790                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6427790                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1553673                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         333063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           41087                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       139435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77162                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1374210                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1281665                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1890                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       213484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       490551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2206474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1661085     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221081     10.02%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121712      5.52%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80465      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73636      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22857      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16184      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5800      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3654      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2206474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           355     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1285     41.03%     52.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1492     47.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055629     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23560      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126736      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75599      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1281665                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.518368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3132                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002444                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4774826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1588053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6034                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29523                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5222                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1027                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         30175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1374506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77162                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23650                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1262973                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119912                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             195369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            75457                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.510809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1258324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1258219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          744720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1891285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.508886                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.393764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1134961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1704081     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218751     10.11%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90880      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46615      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34869      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19841      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12201      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10298      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26329      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       930604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1134961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               181807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              109896                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           157655                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1026106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3513059                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2793738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                266024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            930604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1134961                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       930604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.656874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.656874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.376382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.376382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5732300                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1719799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1309050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         200544                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21449                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76655                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923718                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1146833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            200544                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              250821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         61423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        58123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          120108                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21244                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2021471     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          26410      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30922      1.36%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17148      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          19520      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11066      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7576      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          19934      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         118245      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2272292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081105                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.463807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1908076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        74315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          248762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39285                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        32557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1399721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39285                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1911324                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         13854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        51865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          247401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1398171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1945505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6509164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6509164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1631718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         313776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       133892                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        71843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394908                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310378                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721634     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221013      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118729      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82122      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72401      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37148      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8875      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6013      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4357      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     45.02%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097596     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20449      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120858      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71316      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310378                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529948                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4897919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586928                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39285                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          9801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1395270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133892                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12487                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             184442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         179397                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            71295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521549                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1286886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1286811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          766245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2008798                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.520417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381445                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753120     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222653      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93285      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55665      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38742      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25116      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13302      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10358      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20766      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       957906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1175212                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               177829                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              107982                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           168135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1059569                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3607510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2829831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                200360                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            957906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1175212                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       957906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.581310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.581310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387400                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387400                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5816048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1789143                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1304294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         192153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11971                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10473                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1206177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            192153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        77323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         37991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        51244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          117730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2096244     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8513      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17468      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6992      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          38775      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          34858      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6590      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14126      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110586      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2334152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.487807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2007558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        63364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          236917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          768                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        25539                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        16927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          205                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1413816                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        25539                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2010194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         43256                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        13078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          235184                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1412017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          170                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1666801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6645183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6645183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1439097                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         227696                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           19043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       329357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       165390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1535                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          938                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131917                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857169     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143477      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       116930      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50800      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64231      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61807      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35050      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2944      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1744      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3449     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26145     86.02%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          800      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845149     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11713      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318884     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164730     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.542153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046596                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        25539                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         39694                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1787                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7504                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317717                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             482415                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         173673                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           164698                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.537729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1326960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1326824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          718446                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1421282                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.536600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505492                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        12000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852695     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166848      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78104      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77044      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20815      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89451      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7028      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4906      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11722      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1067778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1254989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               476837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              313051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           165648                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1116123                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        11722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3704193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2840169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 45738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                138500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1067778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1254989                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1067778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.315699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.315699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.431835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.431835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6564716                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1546539                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1673793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192506                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          895                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1139017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192506                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        92303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              233792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        59524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          116879                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2205084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1971292     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          12309      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19573      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          29552      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12365      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          14300      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          15185      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10712      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         119796      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2205084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1845859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        83137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          232114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        42648                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31177                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1381585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        42648                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1850527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         38407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        30804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          228866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1378333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          935                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1886832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6425100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6425100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1552758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         334065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           41436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       139457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1373361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1280697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       212487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       491804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2205084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1660183     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220643     10.01%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121788      5.52%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80604      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73503      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22686      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16233      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5726      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3718      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2205084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           358     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1289     41.53%     53.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1457     46.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055232     82.40%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23499      1.83%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126502      9.88%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75323      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1280697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.517945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002424                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4771511                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586204                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257121                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1283801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4956                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1006                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        42648                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         28082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1584                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1373656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          882                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11086                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1261818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             194850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         171053                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75186                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.510310                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1257228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1257121                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          744050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1889322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.508410                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.393819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1134196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240600                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1703105     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218671     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90629      4.19%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46626      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34650      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19763      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12360      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10242      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26390      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       929946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1134196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               181642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              109788                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           157562                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1025395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        22140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3510842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2792257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 33386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                267568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            929946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1134196                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       929946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.658920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.658920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.376093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.376093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5726109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1719303                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1307627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         192130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11939                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1206586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            192130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        77039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              237812                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         38025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        51278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          117642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2096284     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8369      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17257      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           6977      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          38875      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          34994      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6492      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          14085      0.60%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110763      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2334096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.487972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2006919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        63999                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          236776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        25614                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1414707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        25614                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2009627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         44348                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        12616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          234977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1412789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         2746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1667374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6648939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6648939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1438771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         228581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           19832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       329942                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       165561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8069                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857289     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143036      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117291      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50653      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64302      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61785      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35081      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2963      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1696      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3356     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26147     86.29%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          797      2.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844821     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11675      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319113     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164816     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340505                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542132                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022603                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326610                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2175                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        25614                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         40847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407920                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329942                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6124                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        13704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317756                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             482538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         173773                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           164782                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.537630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1326743                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1326610                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          717843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1419917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.536513                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505553                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        11961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852727     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166732      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78121      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76967      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20729      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89546      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7064      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4915      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11681      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1067589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1254758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               476806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              313033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           165618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1115912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        12182                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        11681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3704838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2841709                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 45643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                138556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1067589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1254758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1067589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.316109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.316109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.431759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.431759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6563126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1546140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1674356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         203984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166875                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81700                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20530                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952997                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1141201                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            203984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        98257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              236529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        46955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          120988                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21363                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2037946     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10934      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16879      0.74%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22991      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          24303      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20548      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11033      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17361      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         112480      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2274475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1933152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        67237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          235932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1398032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1938893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         14294                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        40393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          230615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1396863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1950889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6492714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6492714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1660262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         290624                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           39552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       131265                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        69942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          820                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        33424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706525     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242934     10.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120903      5.32%     91.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82604      3.63%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65755      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27455      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17952      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9094      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1253      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          877     37.08%     49.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1189     50.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105938     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19546      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118974      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69620      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531511                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1565967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2814                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         11529                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394608                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131265                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24335                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111886                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             181490                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         183662                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            69604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1292588                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1292514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          743032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2000979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737009     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253332     11.33%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90392      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43077      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43590      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21538      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14278      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8383      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25116      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       967638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1190674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               176487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              107881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           171692                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1072776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3606195                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2826988                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                198177                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            967638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1190674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       967638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.555348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.555348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5823450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1802284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1295778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         200389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1146013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            200389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96968                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              250636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        58902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          120016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21226                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2020777     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          26386      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30897      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          17141      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19506      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11056      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7569      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19915      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         118166      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2271413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.463475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1906661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        75066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        32533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1398713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1909905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        52685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          247221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1397155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1944039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6504464                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6504464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1630447                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         313557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           24792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       133810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        71804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1673                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1309366                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191480                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721211     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220822      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118623      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82042      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72357      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37122      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8872      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6010      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4354      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           343     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     45.09%     56.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1319     43.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096715     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20431      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120787      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71274      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1309366                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529539                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4895016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1585743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2001                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          9759                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394230                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11746                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24219                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             184333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         179253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521145                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1285883                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1285808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          765645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2007202                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957177                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752639     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222484      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93206      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55624      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38719      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25095      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13284      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10351      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20756      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       957177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1174328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               177717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              107914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           168001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1058784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23897                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3605617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2827708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                201239                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            957177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1174328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       957177                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.583276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.583276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5811587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1787689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1303381                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20367                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          885                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868775                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1141648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        92609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              234435                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         63907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58751                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          116734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2204764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1970329     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12409      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19786      0.90%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          29593      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12399      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14411      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15167      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10591      0.48%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         120079      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2204764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.078008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1845301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        82876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          232806                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        42486                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1384400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        42486                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1849916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         38899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        29957                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          229606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1381190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1151                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1891067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6438514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6438514                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1557343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         333722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          300                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           40874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       139793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        76987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3757                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1376414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1283978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       212508                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       490767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2204764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658256     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221379     10.04%     85.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122321      5.55%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80678      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73610      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22850      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16180      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5767      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3723      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2204764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1328     41.97%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1480     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057554     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23660      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127101      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75521      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1283978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.519272                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3164                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4777794                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5956                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4815                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1000                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        42486                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         28522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          912                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        23607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             195608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            75387                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.511658                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1260556                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1260469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          746379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1893684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.509764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394141                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240028                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20740                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1701315     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219404     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91013      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46922      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34824      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19742      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12290      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10304      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26464      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       933060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1137782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               182387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              110215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           157962                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1028692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3513624                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2798113                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                267888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            933060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1137782                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       933060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.650046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.650046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377352                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377352                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5742280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1723527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1310991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         224800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187101                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23710                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1232877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            224800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       103636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              256125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         61686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          122028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2043328     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15543      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19606      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31367      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12655      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16766      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19489      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9208      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         131491      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2299453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.498606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1931608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          254840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1506070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1934029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        61999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          252517                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1496034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2089937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6952504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1718733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         371204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       141553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414721                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712504     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266211     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110222      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61525      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82829      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26122      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25514      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13396      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1130      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9746     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1350     10.93%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170072     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18831      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127894      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72085      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.561767                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5091753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          991                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1560                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4272                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             197382                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         192369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            72045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.551546                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1351045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1351012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          809245                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2174496                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372153                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738127     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264850     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95882      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47715      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43713      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18169      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8715      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24399      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       999946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1232032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182602                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              111700                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           178636                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1109134                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3694894                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2958034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30842                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            999946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1232032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       999946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.472782                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.472782                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.404403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.404403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6133514                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1889730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1391386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         203543                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166382                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81519                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77604                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20597                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954481                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1138497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            203543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        98201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              236093                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        46044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          121081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2038239     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10909      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16960      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23070      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          24140      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20597      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          10774      0.47%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17453      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         112190      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2274332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1935041                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        65900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          235547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33478                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1394905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1940595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        39540                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          230393                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1393950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1946995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6479332                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6479332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1660539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         286454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       130949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        32551                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391498                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168153                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706142     75.02%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243200     10.69%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121182      5.33%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82733      3.64%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65283      2.87%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27574      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17907      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9070      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1241      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           291     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          869     36.85%     49.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1198     50.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105343     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19513      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118928      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69678      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531262                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1560005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23050                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1357                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         11342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1153                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24488                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293823                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             181593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         183657                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            69665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523253                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1291778                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1291707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          742539                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1998837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371486                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200979                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737155     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253288     11.32%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90459      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43036      1.92%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43578      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21536      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14262      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8299      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25237      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       967792                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1190867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               176516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              107899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           171717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1072953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        24518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3603446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2821181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                198320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            967792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1190867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       967792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.554942                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.554942                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5819751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1801755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1293102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         192125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173050                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71409                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66627                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10370                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          531                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1206924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            192125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        76997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              237653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         38523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        51491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          117665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11866                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2332348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2094695     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8377      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17195      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7003      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          38698      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          34838      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6614      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14242      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         110686      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2332348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2004593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        64312                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          236600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26025                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        16926                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1414412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26025                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2007440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         43351                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          234667                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7362                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1412374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          160                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1666437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6646700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1434122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         232312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       329712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       165413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407242                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339006                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1049                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       134809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2332348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1856272     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142995      6.13%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       116842      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50403      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64284      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61743      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35128      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2949      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1732      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2332348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3427     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26164     86.09%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          801      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843625     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11681      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318907     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164713     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339006                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022697                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5041801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2296                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1811                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26025                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         39499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6228                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        13803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             482281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         173223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           164664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.537076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1325310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1325168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          717499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1419763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.535930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505365                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1064919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       156110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1851932     80.30%     80.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166257      7.21%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77733      3.37%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76708      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20695      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89410      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7017      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4887      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11684      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1064919                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1251460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               476340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              312738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           165130                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1112966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12120                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        11684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3702209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2841178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                140304                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1064919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1251460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1064919                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.321916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.321916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.430679                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.430679                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6557864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1544017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1674466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         224289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21798                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1940546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1230311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            224289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       103503                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              255679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         61586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        62928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          121853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20728                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2043055     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          15489      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19760      0.86%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31229      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12616      0.55%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          16792      0.73%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          19496      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9120      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         131177      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2298734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497569                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1929109                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        75748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          254387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34047                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1502768                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1931561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          5557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        64394                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          252038                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5816                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1492636                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2085611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6936937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6936937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1715980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         369631                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21283                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       141164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        16039                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1386476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413161                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712499     74.50%     74.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266163     11.58%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109994      4.78%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61475      2.67%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82698      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25978      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25380      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13438      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1109      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9708     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1349     10.96%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1251     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1167942     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18811      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127624      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71930      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1386476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.560726                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5085819                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1651006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348586                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4220                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24790                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361248                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             196911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         192123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71886                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.550523                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1348623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1348586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          807659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2170081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372179                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738187     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264568     11.71%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95793      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47601      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43631      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18418      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18181      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8660      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24332      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       998295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1229933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182236                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111485                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           178312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1107232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3691481                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2952278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 30776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                173910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            998295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1229933                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       998295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.476867                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.476867                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.403736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.403736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6121816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1886415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1388497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192755                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73388                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1140672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        92508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              234136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         63887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          116763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2204247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1970111     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          12347      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          19616      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          29451      1.34%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12471      0.57%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14554      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          15321      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10695      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         119681      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2204247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077955                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461315                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1843994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        84101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          232442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          320                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1382927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1848506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         39768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        30390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          229337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1379535                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1117                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1887536                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6430558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6430558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1555225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         332281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       139377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        77211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1374673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282801                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       487977                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2204247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658400     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220988     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122197      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80512      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73636      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22971      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16028      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5804      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3711      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2204247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           353     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1306     41.59%     52.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1481     47.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056425     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23661      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126871      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75703      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282801                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.518796                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002448                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4774854                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259408                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5123                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1045                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         29590                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1374973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1264178                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             195614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.511264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1259513                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1259408                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          745513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1892116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.509335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394010                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1701562     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219035     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90953      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46843      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34737      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19758      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12266      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10186      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26532      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       931824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1136362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               182212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              110124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           157790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1027405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26532                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3511436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2794589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33352                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                268405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            931824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1136362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       931824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.653561                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.653561                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.376852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.376852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5737327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1721250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1309972                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         192081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172983                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71246                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018638                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1206252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            192081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        77077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              237728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         38127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        52595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          117734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11838                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2097097     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           8399      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17407      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           6970      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          38696      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          34831      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6654      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          14208      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         110563      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2334825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.487837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2006492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        65179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          236682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        25658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        16962                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1413707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        25658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2009222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         44849                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        13087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          234887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1411871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           36                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1666632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6644483                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6644483                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1437209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         229418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           19786                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       329517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       165419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1406773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1339827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131936                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858511     79.60%     79.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       142903      6.12%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117004      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50462      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64377      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61744      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35179      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2932      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1713      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3402     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26148     86.14%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          805      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844354     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11686      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318968     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164739     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1339827                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.541858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5045814                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1538929                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326081                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2324                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1715                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        25658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         41243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1821                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1406945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1238                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        13773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1328821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             482346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         173560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           164695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.537407                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1326225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1326081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          717799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1420462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.536299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253610                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        12018                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853895     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166545      7.21%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78015      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76923      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20734      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89437      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6964      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4863      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11790      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1066672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1253610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               476623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              312919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           165454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1114881                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        11790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3704441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2839829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                137827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1066672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1253610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1066672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.318100                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.318100                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.431388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.431388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6561185                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1545869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1673896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         224610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21804                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942356                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1231725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            224610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       103732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              256095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         61598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2043055     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          15512      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19835      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          31342      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12682      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          16751      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          19522      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9065      0.39%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         131386      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2299150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090838                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.498139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1930916                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        73919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          254825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          116                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34048                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1504922                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1933328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        62623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          252512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         5830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1494956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2088933                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6948402                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6948402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1718405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         370528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       141529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        72331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712362     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266267     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110130      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61458      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83015      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25917      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25441      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13453      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1107      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9742     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1341     10.87%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169294     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18837      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127975      9.22%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71943      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.561429                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5089745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350109                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4159                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12665                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362881                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            71899                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.551182                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1350144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1350109                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          809017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2173907                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.546017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21775                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737865     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264929     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95863      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47743      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43695      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18451      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18163      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8680      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24393      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       999760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1231801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               182567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              111677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           178600                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1108930                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3693585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2955791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30822                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                173502                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            999760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1231801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       999760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.473246                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.473246                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.404327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.404327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6129529                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1888661                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1390062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5187                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32743.227886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1498307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          39.498774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1461.528287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.273914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    54.913982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.530947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   255.937730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.618677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    81.387974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.320084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   191.312839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.530031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   251.258703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.526833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   194.661715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.408135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    74.561897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.614371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    83.530230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.531271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   245.374298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.285911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    52.347947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.406842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    71.798554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.546259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.291824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.268936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    57.832589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.548974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   247.384685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.371993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.922959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.280737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    55.433506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1065.844205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2560.718903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1656.671462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2082.708404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2546.809285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2059.761561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1326.375955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1671.162393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2558.763704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1084.428634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1293.362412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2053.400203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1062.106002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2577.461515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2029.740009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1097.369604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.044602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.007811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.005941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.007488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.007550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.005827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.032527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.078147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.050558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.063559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.077722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.062859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.051000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.078087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.033094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.039470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.062665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.032413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.078658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.061943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.033489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          231                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4519011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17118835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2091229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80951952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2186214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24611453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2113517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58439338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2010205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78009524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58959704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4468752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21325821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2241216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25798086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1923695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     76870526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4302220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16614276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4107873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21341256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2182422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58934770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18469808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1849281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     77506515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2073445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59111844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4194531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17249597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       758406492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6436042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7612092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7470883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7680522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29199539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4519011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17118835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2091229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87387994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2186214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24611453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2113517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58439338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2010205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     85621616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58959704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4468752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21325821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2241216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25798086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1923695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84341409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4302220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16614276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4107873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21341256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2182422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58934770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18469808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1849281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85187037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2073445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59111844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4194531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17249597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        787606031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4519011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17118835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2091229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87387994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2186214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     24611453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2113517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58439338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2010205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     85621616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2210447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     58959704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4468752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21325821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2241216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25798086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1923695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84341409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4302220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16614276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4107873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21341256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2182422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     58934770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4619129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18469808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1849281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     85187037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2073445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     59111844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4194531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17249597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       787606031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.529111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.323529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.522796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.474354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.914692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.551992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.545190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.546243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.329446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.483006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.551992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.545190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.546243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.329446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.483006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167370.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152846.741071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160863.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151312.059813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145747.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150990.509202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150965.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152982.560209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154631.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150597.536680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157889.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152745.347150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165509.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148095.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149414.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149988.872093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147976.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150431.557730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159341.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151038.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152143.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150290.535211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155887.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153077.324675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171078.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153915.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142252.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150206.424419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148103.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153537.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       155353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152651.300885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151863.534642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153239.095238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152241.840000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149417.660000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150598.470588                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151292.948187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167370.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152846.741071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160863.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151452.329289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145747.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150990.509202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150965.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152982.560209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154631.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150742.281690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157889.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152745.347150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165509.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148095.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149414.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149988.872093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147976.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150341.192513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159341.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151038.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152143.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150290.535211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155887.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153077.324675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171078.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153915.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142252.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150241.687831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148103.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153537.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       155353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152651.300885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151842.304029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167370.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152846.741071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160863.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151452.329289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 145747.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150990.509202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150965.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152982.560209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154631.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150742.281690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157889.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152745.347150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165509.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 148095.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149414.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149988.872093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147976.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150341.192513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159341.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151038.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152143.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150290.535211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155887.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 153077.324675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171078.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153915.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 142252.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150241.687831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148103.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 153537.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       155353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152651.300885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151842.304029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2337                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2337                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2953761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10604108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1336449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49874351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1311643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1298071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36224373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1255108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47866509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1398108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36497304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2900508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12944568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1366862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15784587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1168621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     47133313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2731668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10214776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2540351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13085016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1369036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36535603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3051760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11485095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1092566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     47478543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1260216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36718992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2626701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10671741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467902041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3994657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4701537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4563057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4708690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17967941                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2953761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10604108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1336449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53869008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1311643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1298071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36224373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1255108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52568046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1398108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36497304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2900508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12944568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1366862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15784587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1168621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51696370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2731668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10214776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2540351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13085016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1369036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36535603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3051760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11485095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1092566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52187233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1260216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36718992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2626701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10671741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485869982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2953761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10604108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1336449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53869008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1311643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15121733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1298071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36224373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1255108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52568046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1398108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36497304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2900508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12944568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1366862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15784587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1168621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51696370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2731668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10214776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2540351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13085016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1369036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36535603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3051760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11485095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1092566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52187233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1260216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36718992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2626701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10671741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485869982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.535000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.529111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.323529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.522796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.474354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.551992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.545190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.546243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.329446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.483006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.326531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.553743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.336082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.487245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.551992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.494238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.355372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.545190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.320700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.546243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.329446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.483006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109398.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94679.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102803.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93223.085981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87442.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92771.368098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92719.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94828.201571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96546.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92406.388031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99864.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94552.601036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107426.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89892.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91124.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91770.854651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89893.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92237.403131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101172.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92861.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94087.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        92148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97788.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.670130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113028.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95709.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84043.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92012.680233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90015.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95374.005195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97285.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94440.185841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93692.839608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95110.880952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94030.740000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91261.140000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92327.254902                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93098.139896                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109398.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94679.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102803.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93360.499133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87442.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92771.368098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92719.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94828.201571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96546.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92549.376761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99864.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94552.601036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107426.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89892.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91124.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91770.854651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89893.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92150.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101172.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92861.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94087.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        92148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.670130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113028.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95709.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84043.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92040.975309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90015.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95374.005195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97285.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94440.185841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93670.711779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109398.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94679.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 102803.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93360.499133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 87442.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92771.368098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92719.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94828.201571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96546.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92549.376761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99864.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94552.601036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 107426.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89892.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91124.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91770.854651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89893.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92150.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101172.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92861.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94087.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        92148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97788.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94897.670130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 113028.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95709.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 84043.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92040.975309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90015.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 95374.005195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97285.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94440.185841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93670.711779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.094468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.026860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.094468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         121866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        121866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6790890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6790890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6790890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6790890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       121904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       121904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       121904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178707.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178707.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178707.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178707.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 178707.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178707.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5462113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5462113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5462113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5462113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5462113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5462113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188348.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188348.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188348.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188348.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188348.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188348.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.909850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.027505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.972495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     94187009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94187009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1455439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1455439                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     95642448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     95642448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     95642448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     95642448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111728.361803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111728.361803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121286.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121286.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111862.512281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111862.512281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111862.512281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111862.512281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35285172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35285172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       374405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       374405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35659577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35659577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35659577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35659577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103779.917647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103779.917647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124801.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124801.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103963.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103963.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103963.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103963.781341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.530153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750409208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494839.059761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.530153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         116758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       116758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        116758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2625495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2625495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2625495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       116774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       116774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       116774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164093.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164093.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164093.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164093.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164093.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164093.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2272913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2272913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2272913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174839.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174839.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174839.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174839.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174839.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174839.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125070933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             96430.942945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.959771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.040229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.722499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.277501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        71222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         159172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       159172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        159172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    325571619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325571619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57957683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57957683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    383529302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    383529302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    383529302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    383529302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.026596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 135485.484395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135485.484395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 185168.316294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185168.316294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 141211.083211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141211.083211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 141211.083211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141211.083211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120741684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120741684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6938845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6938845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127680529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127680529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    127680529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127680529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120741.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120741.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165210.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165210.595238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122534.096929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122534.096929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122534.096929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122534.096929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              496.617822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747247366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1503515.826962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.617822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.023426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         120089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       120089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        120089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2956626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2956626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2956626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2956626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2956626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2956626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       120108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       120108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       120108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155611.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155611.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155611.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155611.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155611.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155611.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2321133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2321133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2321133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2321133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154742.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154742.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154742.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154742.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154742.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154742.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117749278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             158905.908232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   160.081029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    95.918971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.625317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.374683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        82791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        69441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         152232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        152232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    201395803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201395803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6591203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6591203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    207987006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    207987006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    207987006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    207987006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        84470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        69509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       153979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       153979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119949.852889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119949.852889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96929.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96929.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119053.809960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119053.809960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119053.809960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119053.809960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48265647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48265647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48265647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48265647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48265647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48265647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99516.797938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99516.797938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99516.797938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99516.797938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99516.797938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99516.797938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.319156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765693732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1374674.563734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.319156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         117715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        117715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2609553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2609553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2609553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2609553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2609553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2609553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       117730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       117730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173970.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173970.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173970.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173970.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173970.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173970.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2379285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2379285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2379285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2379285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2379285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2379285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169948.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169948.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287983280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs                   276907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   102.215717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   153.784283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.399280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.600720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       299821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         463446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        463446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    353174901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    353174901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    353174901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353174901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    353174901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353174901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       302622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       163625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126088.861478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126088.861478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126088.861478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126088.861478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126088.861478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126088.861478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2015                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     92690200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92690200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     92690200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92690200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     92690200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92690200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117926.463104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117926.463104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117926.463104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117926.463104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117926.463104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117926.463104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              501.529261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750409313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1494839.268924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.529261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         116863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       116863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        116863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2485792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2485792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2485792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       116879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       116879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       116879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       155362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       155362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       155362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       155362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       155362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       155362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2166893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166684.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166684.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166684.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166684.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166684.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166684.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 1029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              125070817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             97331.375097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   184.481846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    71.518154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.720632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.279368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        87941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71116                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         159057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        159057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    309119958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    309119958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66202784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66202784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    375322742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    375322742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    375322742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    375322742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.025606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 133760.258762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133760.258762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 182880.618785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182880.618785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 140412.548447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140412.548447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 140412.548447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140412.548447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    116412102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116412102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8104692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8104692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124516794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124516794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124516794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124516794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118909.195097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118909.195097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162093.840000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162093.840000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121007.574344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121007.574344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121007.574344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121007.574344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.525910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765693641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1374674.400359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.525910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         117624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       117624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        117624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2976405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2976405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2976405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2976405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2976405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2976405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       117642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       117642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       117642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165355.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165355.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165355.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165355.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165355.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165355.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2471386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2471386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2471386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2471386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2471386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2471386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176527.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176527.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176527.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176527.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176527.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176527.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287983489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             277708.282546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   102.503205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   153.496795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.400403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.599597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       300042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       463654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         463654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       463654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        463654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    354256940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354256940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    354256940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    354256940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    354256940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    354256940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       302834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       163612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       466446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       466446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126882.858166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126882.858166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126882.858166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126882.858166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126882.858166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126882.858166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91780596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91780596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91780596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91780596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91780596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91780596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117516.768246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117516.768246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117516.768246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117516.768246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117516.768246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117516.768246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              503.377123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746682494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1481512.884921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.377123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         120956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        120956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6050776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6050776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6050776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6050776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6050776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6050776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       120988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       120988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189086.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189086.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189086.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189086.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 189086.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189086.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5233269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5233269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5233269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5233269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5233269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5233269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180457.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180457.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180457.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180457.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 180457.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180457.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112794554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             170900.839394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   158.493580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    97.506420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.619116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.380884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         150123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        150123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157025754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157025754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1327356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1327356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    158353110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158353110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    158353110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158353110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        68286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120882.027714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120882.027714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88490.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88490.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120512.260274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120512.260274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120512.260274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120512.260274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          910                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     40950861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40950861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       225943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41176804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41176804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41176804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41176804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102121.847880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102121.847880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75314.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75314.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101922.782178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101922.782178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101922.782178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101922.782178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.616385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747247274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1503515.641851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.616385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3049586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3049586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3049586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3049586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3049586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3049586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       120016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       120016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       120016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       120016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       120016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160504.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160504.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160504.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160504.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160504.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160504.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2381597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2381597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2381597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2381597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158773.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158773.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158773.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158773.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158773.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158773.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  484                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117749199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             159120.539189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   159.863056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    96.136944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.624465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.375535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        69400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         152153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       152153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        152153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    203453268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203453268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8469431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8469431                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    211922699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    211922699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    211922699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211922699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        84433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121103.135714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121103.135714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124550.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124550.455882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121237.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121237.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121237.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121237.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48859130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48859130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48859130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48859130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48859130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48859130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100948.615702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100948.615702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100948.615702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100948.615702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100948.615702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100948.615702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.530502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750409169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494838.982072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.530502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         116719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       116719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        116719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2302007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2302007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2302007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2302007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2302007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2302007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       116734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       116734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       116734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153467.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153467.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153467.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153467.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153467.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153467.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2070105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2070105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2070105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2070105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2070105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2070105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159238.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159238.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159238.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159238.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125071618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             97331.998444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   183.611971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    72.388029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.717234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.282766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        71423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         159855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        159855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    310816521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310816521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67034198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67034198                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    377850719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377850719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    377850719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377850719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       162538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       162538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134378.089494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134378.089494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 181173.508108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181173.508108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 140831.427134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140831.427134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 140831.427134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140831.427134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    117060778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117060778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8074223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8074223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    125135001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125135001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    125135001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125135001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119571.785495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119571.785495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 161484.460000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161484.460000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121608.358601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121608.358601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121608.358601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121608.358601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              473.107782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750129957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1549855.283058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.107782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.029019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         121990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       121990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        121990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7196290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7196290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7196290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7196290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7196290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7196290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       122028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       122028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189376.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189376.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189376.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189376.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 189376.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189376.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5767014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5767014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5767014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5767014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5767014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5767014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198862.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198862.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198862.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198862.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 198862.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 198862.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108893328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181791.866444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.090377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.909623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.457384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.542616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         166849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       166849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        166849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92278429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92278429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1007781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1007781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93286210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93286210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93286210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93286210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       167708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108947.377804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108947.377804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83981.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83981.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108598.614668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108598.614668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108598.614668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108598.614668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34248892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34248892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       222549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       222549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34471441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34471441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34471441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34471441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100732.035294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100732.035294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        74183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100499.827988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.827988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100499.827988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100499.827988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              502.390646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              746682587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1484458.423459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.390646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.043895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         121049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       121049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        121049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5300370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5300370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5300370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5300370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5300370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5300370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       121081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       121081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       121081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165636.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165636.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165636.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165636.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165636.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165636.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4658186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4658186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4658186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4658186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4658186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4658186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166363.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166363.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166363.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              112794615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             170642.382753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   158.865987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    97.134013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.620570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.379430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        81902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        68282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68282                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       150184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         150184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       150184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        150184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157292858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157292858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1198700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1198700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158491558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158491558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158491558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158491558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        68297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68297                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119979.296720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119979.296720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79913.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79913.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119526.061840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119526.061840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119526.061840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119526.061840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40684960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40684960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       193629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40878589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40878589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40878589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40878589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101206.368159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101206.368159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100934.787654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100934.787654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100934.787654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100934.787654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.545307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765693666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374674.445242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.545307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         117649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       117649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        117649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2831181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2831181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2831181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2831181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2831181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2831181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       117665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       117665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       117665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176948.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176948.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176948.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176948.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176948.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176948.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2482382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2482382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2482382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2482382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2482382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2482382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       177313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       177313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       177313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       177313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287983111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             275581.924402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   102.247932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   153.752068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.399406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.600594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       299836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       163441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       463277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         463277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       463277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        463277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357596850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    357596850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357596850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    357596850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    357596850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    357596850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       302666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       163441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       466107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       466107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126359.310954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126359.310954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126359.310954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126359.310954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126359.310954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126359.310954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92671531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92671531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92671531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92671531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92671531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92671531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117454.411914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117454.411914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117454.411914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117454.411914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117454.411914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117454.411914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              473.089142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750129781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1549854.919421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.089142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.028989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         121814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       121814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        121814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6847744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6847744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6847744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6847744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6847744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6847744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       121853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       121853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       121853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175583.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175583.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175583.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175583.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175583.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175583.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5429422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5429422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5429422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5429422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5429422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5429422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187221.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187221.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187221.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187221.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187221.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187221.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              108892920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             181791.185309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   116.967956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   139.032044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.456906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.543094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        96046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       166434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         166434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       166434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        166434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     95082052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95082052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1456668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1456668                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     96538720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96538720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     96538720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96538720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        96893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       167293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       167293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112257.440378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112257.440378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       121389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       121389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112385.005821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112385.005821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 112385.005821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112385.005821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36007981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36007981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       292995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       292995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36300976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36300976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36300976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36300976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105905.826471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105905.826471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        97665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105833.749271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105833.749271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105833.749271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105833.749271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              501.548183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750409198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1494839.039841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.548183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         116748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       116748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        116748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2285883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2285883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2285883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2285883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       116763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       116763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       116763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152392.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152392.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152392.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152392.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152392.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152392.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2015301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2015301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2015301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2015301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2015301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2015301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155023.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155023.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155023.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155023.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155023.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155023.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 1038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125071110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             96654.644513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   183.834660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    72.165340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.718104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.281896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         159347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       159347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        159347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    313645786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313645786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69156022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69156022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    382801808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    382801808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    382801808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    382801808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       162103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       162103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.026164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.017002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 132619.782664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132619.782664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 176869.621483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176869.621483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 138897.608128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138897.608128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 138897.608128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138897.608128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    116603059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116603059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8236845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8236845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124839904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124839904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124839904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124839904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118138.864235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118138.864235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 161506.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161506.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120269.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120269.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120269.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120269.657033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.371069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765693735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1374674.569120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.371069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         117718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        117718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2704895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2704895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2704895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2704895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       117734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       117734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169055.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169055.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169055.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169055.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2329033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2329033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2329033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166359.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166359.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166359.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166359.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166359.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166359.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287983151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             276375.384837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   102.334738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   153.665262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.399745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.600255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       299775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       163543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       463318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         463318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       463318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        463318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    358038275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358038275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    358038275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358038275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    358038275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358038275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       302615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       163543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       466158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       466158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126069.815141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126069.815141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126069.815141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126069.815141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126069.815141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126069.815141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92423787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92423787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92423787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92423787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92423787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92423787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117587.515267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117587.515267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117587.515267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117587.515267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117587.515267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117587.515267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              473.101952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750129878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1549855.119835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.101952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.029010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6870008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6870008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6870008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6870008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6870008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6870008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180789.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180789.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180789.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180789.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180789.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180789.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5564280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5564280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5564280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5564280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191871.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191871.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191871.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191871.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 191871.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191871.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108893311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             181791.838063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.089952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   138.910048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.457383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.542617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        96305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        70527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       166832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         166832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       166832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        166832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92227856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92227856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1008012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1008012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     93235868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93235868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     93235868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93235868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       167682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110057.107399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110057.107399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        84001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109689.256471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109689.256471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109689.256471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109689.256471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34673171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34673171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       223560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34896731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34896731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34896731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34896731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101979.914706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101979.914706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        74520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74520                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101739.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101739.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101739.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101739.740525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
