
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104618                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104618102580                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632393479125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 328132                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   415468                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1959487                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67615448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53390.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17519132501                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22182076108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1809536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2452608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4116352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2553728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1415680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2555648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1401344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1481728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2564224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4202240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4185216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2473088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1367424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2437504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3599616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42817792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11782784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11782784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        19951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        10948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        32697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        19043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                334514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17296586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23443438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39346460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24410001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13531884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24428354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13394852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14163209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24510328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        48940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40167427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     40004702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23639198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13070625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23299065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34407200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39424764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               409277084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        50163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        48940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        45269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        48940                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        46493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        46493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             738993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112626627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112626627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112626627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        50163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17296586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23443438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        48940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39346460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24410001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13531884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24428354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13394852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        45269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14163209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        44046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24510328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        48940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40167427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     40004702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23639198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        46493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13070625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23299065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34407200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        46493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39424764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              521903711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20644634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16891746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8667314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138253                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199156056                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115388616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20644634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24101452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5502552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4735272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12183650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025825                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231444623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207343171     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1125914      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1787433      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2419971      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489508      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2104115      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1176617      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753868      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11244026      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231444623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082288                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197132503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6775786                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24058621                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3451469                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3397868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141622164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3451469                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197671089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1394426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4144137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23553143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1230354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141572813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       168356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       536180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197566507                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658576727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658576727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26020975                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3681929                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13266621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1718967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141412314                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35710                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134418391                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15440646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36798154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1702                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231444623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174526204     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23434000     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11866950      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8923145      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7014338      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834248      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791000      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931440      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123298      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231444623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25212     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81817     36.63%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116354     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113055085     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001399      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183939      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161106      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134418391                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500523126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156889220                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132392046                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134641774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272667                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122340                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          553                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94631                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451469                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1115833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141448166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        28939                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13266621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101450                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          553                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2313393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132552737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11463321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18624144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18841858                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132392263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132392046                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204773802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18399263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049960                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227993154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177508473     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25027685     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9451555      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4499569      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3807207      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178855      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900726      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860686      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2758398      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227993154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2758398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366682277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286347952                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19438118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.508827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.508827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398593                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398593                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596608263                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184427952                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131276542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19045510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17000563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12766851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12421482                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201242031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            108138385                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19045510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13567854                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24117018                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4971972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3059830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12174417                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    231863229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      207746211     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3671877      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1860072      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3633842      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1170803      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3365007      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         531422      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         857392      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9026603      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    231863229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431032                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      198801904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5545730                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24069668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3426468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1803768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    121014871                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        33786                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3426468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199074230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3330030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1380595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23817859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       834040                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    120841600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        93586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       668403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    158425506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    547730140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    547730140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    128577411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29848076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8255                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1808125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     21757944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3549232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       805162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        120215852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       112603542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21601599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44249900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231863229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182450632     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15632109      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481988      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9581412      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945961      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238272      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470301      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34221      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28333      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231863229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189145     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77288     23.41%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63717     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88328102     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885476      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19863143     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518781      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    112603542                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330150                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457473241                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141834076                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109751027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    112933692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4421797                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3426468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2250498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120232291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21757944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8252                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026761                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1609862                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111172394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19576473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1431142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           23095081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16898895                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3518608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443125                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            109776202                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           109751027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66406951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       144774330                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458693                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87437693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     98475347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21761853                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1509520                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228436761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191754278     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14425628      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9255166      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913357      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4832236      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943712      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599347      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548566      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164471      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228436761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     87437693                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     98475347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20804148                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            17336147                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15105763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        86069336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1234480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3164471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          345509165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         243903540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4468654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              19019512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          87437693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            98475347                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     87437693                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.869274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.869274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348520                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348520                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      516692651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     143044859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128460332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19511108                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17606267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1024549                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7472965                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6980566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078337                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45392                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206860389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122733267                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19511108                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8058903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24272713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3215963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5004578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11875082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1029517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238303504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      214030791     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         866133      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1770991      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         745153      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4037405      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3590776      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         697701      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1456004      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11108550      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238303504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205698311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6179541                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24182878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        77453                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2165316                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1712153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143925155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2165316                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205907340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4469461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24065887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       641857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143850685                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       274105                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       232177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4292                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168894504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    677560244                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    677560244                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    149852628                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19041868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16692                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1618277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     33946859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17170424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       833280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143569008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       138061189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11034543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26445399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238303504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189259709     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14676501      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12054835      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5212567      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6604525      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6397661      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632576      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       285584      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179546      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238303504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349504     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724740     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78959      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86608641     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205873      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33106219     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17132188     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    138061189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550302                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3153203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517651073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154623827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136879951                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    141214392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1306541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2165316                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4106660                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182290                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143585842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33946859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17170424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       123929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       598138                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       603761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1201899                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137091815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32993183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       969374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           50123900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17961649                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17130717                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            136884234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           136879951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73924490                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       145644955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507566                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111226813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    130710117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12890107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1047049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236138188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188754597     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17280950      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8112625      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8018139      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181587      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9330722      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699514      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507974      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252080      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236138188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    111226813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    130710117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             49707095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            32640315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17261016                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116232843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1266164                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1252080                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          378485994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         289365985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4537670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12579237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         111226813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           130710117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    111226813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.255596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.255596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443342                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443342                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677747481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     158954894                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     171386479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20375420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16706579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8513605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7965922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194626036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115782736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20375420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10059597                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25476031                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5661875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6457328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11988934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1983497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230191134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      204715103     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2764853      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3197877      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1759256      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2015655      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1118170      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         755762      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1972142      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11892316      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230191134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      193040242                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8072852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25262719                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       202299                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3613021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3309286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18719                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141342219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        92635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3613021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      193350527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2931034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4275472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25167310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       853761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141254820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       218066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       397777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    196335651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    657681096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    657681096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167809709                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28525934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2279695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13488461                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7350296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1626031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141052541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133388327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17496575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40296210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4389                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230191134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173980981     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22612641      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12153285      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8405428      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7344253      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3756162      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913754      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584554      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440076      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230191134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35779     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122651     42.62%     55.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129317     44.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111651811     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2084085      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16343      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12337844      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7298244      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133388327                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531676                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287747                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497442440                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158587743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131168705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    133676074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337590                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2369018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          806                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       155728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8171                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3613021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2443047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146324                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141090015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13488461                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7350296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103663                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1161193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1119207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2280400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131415258                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11587238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1973069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18883912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18393846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7296674                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            131170967                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           131168705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77961228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       204154152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98543088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120900509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20190837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2010583                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226578113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177192619     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22898870     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596935      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5769824      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990339      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2583069      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1336612      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1076836      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133009      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226578113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     98543088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120900509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18314008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11119440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17302990                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108996647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2459740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2133009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          365535787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         285795793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2981316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20691607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          98543088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120900509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     98543088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.545919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.545919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392785                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392785                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      592832828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182054626                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131925859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22700009                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18902865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8919219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8317268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446751                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96656                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197740903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124566990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22700009                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10764019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25971790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5738907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6789650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12278142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    234155276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208183486     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1593249      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2010925      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3202906      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1341906      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1722539      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2013455      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         918261      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13168549      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    234155276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      196582891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8059108                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25848742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        12045                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3652483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3451620                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    152239278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2465                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3652483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      196780659                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        634977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6873786                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25663316                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       550049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    151301993                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        79702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       383966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    211358611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    703664940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    703664940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    177010602                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34347980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19785                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1934381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14151403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7404295                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672696                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        147732969                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37473                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141805107                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17819943                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36159285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2064                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234155276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174060857     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27421579     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11198938      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6274412      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509399      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2617664      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2578881      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385154      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108392      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234155276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977991     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130858     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126420     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119467393     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939013      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17555      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12999950      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7381196      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141805107                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565225                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235269                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519142120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165591055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138113478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    143040376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104247                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2646410                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          672                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93392                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3652483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        484405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61236                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147770449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14151403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7404295                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19786                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          672                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2382313                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139333535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12784936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2471571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20165682                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19703655                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7380746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555373                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            138113780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           138113478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82752260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       222325337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102981354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126897373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20873675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35409                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2085041                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230502793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176792091     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27218719     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9886021      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924851      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500756      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894063      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869812      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891992      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524488      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230502793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    102981354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126897373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18815892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11504989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17664                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18393706                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       114248821                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2620464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2524488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          375748638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         299194610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2998670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16727465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         102981354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126897373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    102981354                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.436196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.436196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      626975389                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     193008220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140823076                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35380                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20389672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16717730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8395499                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7961597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89705                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194618657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115940105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20389672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10054502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25496695                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5672403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6437209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11989299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1980760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    230197979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      204701284     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2765052      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3196322      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1756129      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2018653      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1112726      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         756355      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1978390      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11913068      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    230197979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      193031897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8053419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25284083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       201802                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3626777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3312554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18641                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    141529815                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        92438                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3626777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193341934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2863456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4323491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25188582                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       853730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    141444426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       217135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       399048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    196580011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    658615176                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    658615176                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167859179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28720830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37076                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2282101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13494926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7361185                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        141238614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37146                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133476267                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17654656                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40813208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4179                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230197979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173968876     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22608266      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12149044      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8418897      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7354497      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3761087      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911833      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585031      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440448      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230197979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35483     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122968     42.70%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129509     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111722308     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088526      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16347      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12340950      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7308136      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133476267                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532027                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497624641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158931675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131261703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    133764227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336258                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2372207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          850                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1261                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3626777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2374646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141275883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13494926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361185                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20681                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1261                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2278183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131509205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11589722                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18896198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18399778                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7306476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            131263620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           131261703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        78013658                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       204341481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98572065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120936110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20340986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32967                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2007535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226571202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177172445     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22905366     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599341      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5773489      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3989131      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2581875      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1336743      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077258      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2135554      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226571202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     98572065                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120936110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18319396                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11122719                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17308095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       109028737                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2460467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2135554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          365712081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         286181048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2980888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20684762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          98572065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120936110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     98572065                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.545171                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.545171                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      593240020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     182173909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     132093454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22705962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18906505                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8958904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8325928                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96405                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197774862                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            124582750                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22705962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10772215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25978557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5732744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6774602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12278207                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    234176320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      208197763     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1593728      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2020037      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3204114      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1335169      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1725148      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2012078      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         917840      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13170443      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    234176320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      196614853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8046044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25855278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3647856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3453719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          444                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    152251818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3647856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      196813407                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        637129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      6855978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25669269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       552675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    151314211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        80255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       385462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    211391054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    703719648                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    703719648                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    177093527                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34297459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        37431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19866                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1946381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14145893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7407367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82959                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        147757640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       141843880                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138140                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17785500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36056761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234176320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174061802     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27427644     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11212615      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6272789      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8512739      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614284      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579312      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386689      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108446      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234176320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977381     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130235     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126507     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119501643     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1940537      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17563      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12999647      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7384490      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    141843880                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.565379                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519236343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165581369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138158935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    143078003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2635504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          673                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93029                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        485576                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61433                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147795204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14145893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7407367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53758                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          673                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228822                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2379966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139375534                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12787489                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20171525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19713510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7384036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            138159220                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           138158935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        82785473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       222368769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103029544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126956774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20838978                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2083522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230528464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176794577     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27228940     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9888530      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4928924      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4503914      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1896008      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870038      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       892186      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2525347      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230528464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    103029544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126956774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18824710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11510379                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17672                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18402299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       114302312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2621689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2525347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          375798154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         299239436                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2997193                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16706421                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         103029544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126956774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    103029544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.435056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.435056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.410668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.410668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      627166260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     193073716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     140846858                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22688519                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18894277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066193                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8925041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8315111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2444330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197635000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124500941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22688519                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10759441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25958280                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5734555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6809073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12271277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234052056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208093776     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1591361      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2012495      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3203245      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1340035      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1721550      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2011704      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         916513      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13161377      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234052056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196477355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8078072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25835154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3649264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3448927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          439                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    152149829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2451                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3649264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196675617                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        635529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6891319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25649182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       551139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    151211311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        80215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       384212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    211248400                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    703237508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    703237508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    176922684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34325707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1940447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14137578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7398592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        147642423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37424                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141721966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17802278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36099556                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2032                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234052056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173988224     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27410963     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11193859      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6270740      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8503331      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613617      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577856      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385208      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108258      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234052056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977250     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130279     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126376     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119400095     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938330      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17546      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12990156      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7375839      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141721966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518869401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165482796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138036399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142955871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2638320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          675                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        484387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61589                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147679852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14137578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7398592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          675                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2380957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139253460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12776640                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20152033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19693596                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7375393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555054                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138036695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138036399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        82710487                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       222196225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550203                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102930145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    126834220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20846258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35392                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2083903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230402792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176717758     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27205530     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9881583      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4922392      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4499556      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1892691      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869210      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891167      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2522905      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230402792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    102930145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    126834220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18806514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11499256                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18384525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       114191969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2619150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2522905                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          375559650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         299010247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2997371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16830685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         102930145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           126834220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    102930145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.437408                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.437408                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      626620521                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     192908110                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140747722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20399685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16727054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8399148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7965292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194600938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115956000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20399685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10058845                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25498669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5672115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6448336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11986742                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1980101                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    230193362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      204694693     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2765082      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3197811      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1755851      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2019060      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1113130      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         756496      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1977286      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11913953      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    230193362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      193017209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      8062024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25284911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       202443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3626774                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3313215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18646                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    141533829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        92035                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3626774                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      193328026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2936309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4256967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25189526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       855751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    141445541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       220058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       398728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    196588739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    658588169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    658588169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    167856901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28731803                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36975                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2286322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13490089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7361694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194704                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        141237449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37042                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133465500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186349                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17653087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40838010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230193362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173960161     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22613352      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12152614      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8419808      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7352330      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3758408      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911392      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584592      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440705      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230193362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35948     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122161     42.50%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129350     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111710828     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087675      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16347      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12342882      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307768      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133465500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531984                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497598167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158928846                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131249975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    133752959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       338973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2367511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          827                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165103                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3626774                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2441663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141274609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13490089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1156150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121240                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2277390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131498513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11592077                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1966984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18897994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18401338                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7305917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.524143                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            131252145                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           131249975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        78002623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204286686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.523153                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98570742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120934469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20341580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32968                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2007233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226566587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177167074     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22907178     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9598219      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5771554      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3991141      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582578      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337320      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077367      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134156      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226566587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     98570742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120934469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18319166                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11122575                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17307853                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       109027245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2460425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2134156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          365707817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         286178976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2979950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20689379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          98570742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120934469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     98570742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.545205                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.545205                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      593190147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     182162036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     132110419                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32938                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250882739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19505497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17602149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7270119                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6971000                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206705035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            122707262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19505497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8047866                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24263257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3218236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5013755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11865638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238152072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      213888815     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         865059      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1769620      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         744218      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4032930      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3588410      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         693121      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1457776      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11112123      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238152072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077747                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.489102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      205540936                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      6190869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24173094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        77656                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2169512                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1710877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143901919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2169512                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      205751271                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       4475831                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1056728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24055193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       643530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143826392                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       274240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       233162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3739                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    168869254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    677440896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    677440896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    149771447                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19097807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16685                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8420                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1626114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     33936077                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17161522                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155749                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       831461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143540427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137993091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11087532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26649637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           79                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238152072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189143804     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14656702      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12043745      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5212239      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6603387      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6398178      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3629523      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       285346      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179148      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238152072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        348886     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724664     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78863      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86565644     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205678      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8263      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33089378     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17124128     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137993091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517363478                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154648248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136810251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    141145504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3560                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103359                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12216                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2169512                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4112803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143557248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33936077                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17161522                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8421                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124470                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3560                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       595045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       605347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1200392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137023597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32976075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       969494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           50098858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17952054                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17122783                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            136814592                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           136810251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        73892225                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       145601919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545316                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507495                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111167944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    130640623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930414                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16658                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1045134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235982560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188626854     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17270911      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8106540      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8012854      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180739      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9325093      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       699355      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508193      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252021      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235982560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    111167944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    130640623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             49682127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            32623964                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17251758                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       116170967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1265417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1252021                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          378301238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         289311778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4533396                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              12730667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         111167944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           130640623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    111167944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.256790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.256790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      677392434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     158873567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     171334828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19506611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17602441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7304568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6969961                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45187                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206745174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            122706219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19506611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8048192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24260372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3214021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5027101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11867080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    238198554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      213938182     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         863628      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1769401      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         743594      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4032028      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3588765      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         695100      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1458234      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11109622      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    238198554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489098                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      205578279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6206843                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24170645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        77384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2165398                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1711681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143892006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2817                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2165398                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      205789928                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       4484698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24051156                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       646308                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143816920                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       273986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       234764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3833                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    168853421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    677392474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    677392474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    149805784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19047632                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        16692                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1632167                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     33936611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17164858                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156212                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       833684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143534729                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       138014486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11051914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26511200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238198554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189182461     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14661323      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12045259      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5210980      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6605136      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6395903      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632115      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286060      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179317      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238198554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349081     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724868     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78981      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86576677     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205743      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8265      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33096431     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17127370     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    138014486                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550116                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517452927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154606909                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136832048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    141167416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1304891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          552                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3529                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2165398                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4122047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       182786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143551561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33936611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17164858                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8427                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3529                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       594792                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       605140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1199932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137044779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32983438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       969707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           50109438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17955304                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17126000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            136836464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           136832048                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73897533                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       145595111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111193745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    130670884                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12895271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1045058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236033156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188668883     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17271846      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8107358      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8015346      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181272      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9329459      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698983      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508069      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251940      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236033156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    111193745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    130670884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             49693932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            32631717                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17255718                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       116197887                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1265699                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1251940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          378347033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         289297897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4534393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              12684187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         111193745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           130670884                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    111193745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.256267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.256267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443210                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443210                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      677509685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     158901882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     171344717                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19040896                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12777807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12416637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146725                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46328                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201211406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108112900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19040896                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13563362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24111364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4969229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3088289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12171899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231853348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207741984     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3672430      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1858843      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3632677      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1169936      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3363311      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         530996      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         857071      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9026100      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231853348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075896                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      198773580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5571912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24063836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3424374                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1803992                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    120988859                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        33789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3424374                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199045725                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3356591                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23812243                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       834514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    120815736                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        94645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       667753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    158391596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    547612364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    547612364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    128567227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       29824356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8256                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1809356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     21752963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3548047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       807885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        120194279                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       112595307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21589830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44184708                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231853348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182443201     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15632386      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481419      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9578834      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4948011      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236456      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470363      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28333      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231853348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189125     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77271     23.41%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63708     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88323266     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885488      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19860191     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518322      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    112595307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.448797                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457446737                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141800754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109744395                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    112925411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88517                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4419321                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3424374                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2278870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120210725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21752963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2345                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1608935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111165539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19574131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23092273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16897936                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3518142                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443098                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            109769172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           109744395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66404474                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       144772256                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87429165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     98466769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21748909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16215                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1508876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228428974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191749084     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14426003      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9253028      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914405      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830039      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944295      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599146      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548804      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164170      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228428974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     87429165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     98466769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20801608                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17333640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15104367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        86062134                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1234470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3164170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          345480157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         243858438                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4467530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19029393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          87429165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            98466769                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     87429165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.869554                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.869554                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      516660466                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     143038829                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128432323                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22707234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18910333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2068693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8922039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8319459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197812755                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124606753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22707234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10766111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25980613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5742241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      6809309                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12282911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1977466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    234257567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208276954     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1592968      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2014074      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3205664      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1342919      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1722536      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2011973      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         916460      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13174019      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    234257567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090509                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496673                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      196653995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      8079570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25857413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3654449                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3451335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          441                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    152280069                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3654449                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      196852312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        636369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      6891225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25671545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       551661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    151341687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        80225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       384787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    211430062                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    703844253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    703844253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    177056656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34373394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37300                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1942542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14150566                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7403788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675508                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147769550                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141837240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140050                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17829800                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36158416                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2009                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234257567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174145338     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27434007     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11201303      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6275002      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8511692      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614814      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2581220      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386065      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108126      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234257567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978622     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130353     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126470     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119499961     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939810      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17560      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12999078      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380831      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141837240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519307541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165637451                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138148219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143072685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2642577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          673                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90958                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           34                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3654449                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        485262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61193                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147806984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14150566                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7403788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          673                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2383906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139366014                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12785927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2471225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20166296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19709264                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7380369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138148505                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138148219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82777931                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       222378332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    103008150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126930383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20877161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35421                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2086414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230603118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176875493     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27228975     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9887956      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4927202      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501823      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894427      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1870481      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       892511      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524250      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230603118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    103008150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126930383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18820816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11507986                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18398448                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       114278595                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2621154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2524250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375885697                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         299269564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3001559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16625174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         103008150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126930383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    103008150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.435562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.435562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      627126624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     193066962                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140865033                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19042537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16998058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1517936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12770296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12419554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201253173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            108131396                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19042537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13567011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24116222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4967504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3054477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12173544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490042                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231864894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207748672     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3672031      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1859985      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3633913      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1170741      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3364472      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         531657      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         856037      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9027386      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231864894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      198796330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5557314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24068804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19315                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3423130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1803209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17893                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    121009469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        33748                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3423130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      199070675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3347867                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1369347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23815774                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       838094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    120836521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        93834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       672152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    158418687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    547717253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    547717253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    128603478                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29815209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16293                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8251                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1813601                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     21754816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3550225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       807787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        120213926                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16353                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       112613946                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72512                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21581906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44198458                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231864894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182443141     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15639860      6.75%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481896      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9584017      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4946495      2.13%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1235879      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470821      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34338      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28447      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231864894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189058     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77152     23.38%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63750     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88334874     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885831      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8043      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19865191     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3520007      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    112613946                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.448871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457495258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141812473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109761444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    112943906                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87341                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4417019                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          297                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3423130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2260069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       102988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120230356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21754816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3550225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          297                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1608480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111183779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19578422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1430167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           23098229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16899164                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3519807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443170                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            109786563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           109761444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        66414227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       144797177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.437501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458671                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87452842                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     98493917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21741321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16223                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1508371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228441764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191748530     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14431702      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9257134      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2916182      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831138      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944610      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599315      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       549315      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163838      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228441764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     87452842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     98493917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20806860                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            17337797                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15108435                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        86086037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1234845                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3163838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          345512839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         243896277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4467033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              19017847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          87452842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            98493917                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     87452842                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.868777                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.868777                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      516749712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     143058933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128455065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20354840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16646464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8402518                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8026771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093966                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197423538                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115524831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20354840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10120737                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24207633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5762432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3461160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12137580                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    228829470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      204621837     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1315212      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2073132      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3301672      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1365258      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1522649      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1632748      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1062289      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11934673      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    228829470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460473                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      195610705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5288287                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24132062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        61758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3736654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3337823                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141065794                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3013                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3736654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      195911562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1688832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2729901                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23898821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       863696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    140985568                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        25129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       241933                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       326061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42794                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    195739579                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    655871901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    655871901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    167114077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28625502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2591908                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13425221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7220905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       218288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1647299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        140785998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35852                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       133238303                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17870022                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39793464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3259                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228829470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172660280     75.45%     75.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22535243      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12325280      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8410476      3.68%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7865205      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2259238      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764517      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596888      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412343      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228829470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30971     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95523     38.56%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121216     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111612628     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2109009      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16157      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12314063      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7186446      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    133238303                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247710                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495717694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158693322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131101465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    133486013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          321                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1480                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209454                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8326                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117295                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140821993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13425221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7220905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19572                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1480                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2290068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131348283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11581898                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1890020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18766559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18479261                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7184661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            131102469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           131101465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        76652900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       200274761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522561                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98161694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    120320962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20501203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2023871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225092816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176249047     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23655986     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9207132      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4961117      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3715700      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074592      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279027      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144281      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2805934      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225092816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     98161694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    120320962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18041069                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11029618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16260                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17271554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       108418090                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2444221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2805934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          363108384                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         285381200                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3182769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22053271                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          98161694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           120320962                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     98161694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.555811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.555811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.391265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.391265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      592314398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     181731186                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131577686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        32564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250882741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19509311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17605088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1024104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7301332                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6974405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45251                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206816967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            122733088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19509311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8052873                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24267898                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3216827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5005854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11872224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1029124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238257928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      213990030     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         864766      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1771129      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         744831      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4033595      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3587898      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         697129      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1457546      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11111004      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238257928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489205                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      205650956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6184642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24178265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        77360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2166700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1711675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    143920746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2166700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      205861933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4461924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1063879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24059369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       644116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    143844961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           93                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       274024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       233927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3303                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    168887943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    677527412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    677527412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    149833041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       19054896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1628222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     33940875                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     17167712                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       156005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       832164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143563945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16743                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       138044343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11049849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26504339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238257928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189227074     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14671489      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12046658      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5210968      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606202      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6396514      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3633448      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286032      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179543      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238257928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349580     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2724193     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79007      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86597846     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1205885      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8266      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33102407     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17129939     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    138044343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3152780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517571925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154634055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136862567                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    141197123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1304213                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          562                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3527                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102891                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12221                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2166700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4098871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143580768                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33940875                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17167712                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8425                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124743                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3527                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       596805                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       604686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1201491                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137075778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32989389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       968565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           50117931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17957826                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         17128542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            136866955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           136862567                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73912563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       145629501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545524                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507538                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111212870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    130693657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12901597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1046544                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236091228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188716461     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17276063      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8109951      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8018470      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2180856      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9330807      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698119      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       507899      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252602      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236091228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    111212870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    130693657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             49701475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            32636659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17258834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116218167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1265982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1252602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          378433542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         289357403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4536390                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12624813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         111212870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           130693657                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    111212870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      677665914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     158940479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     171379299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         334620                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.520539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2128053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         367385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.792433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           209.967625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.715264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1228.844242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.413343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1572.152259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.876301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2575.136060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.930756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1685.978088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.768640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   959.297799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.842148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1690.014904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.482667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   972.657261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.678730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   970.521931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.529303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1656.417558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.778530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2558.475364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.960132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2563.750552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.364661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1542.503933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.785117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   929.761863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.595678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1551.627016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.987230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2175.072924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.851453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2535.179120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           290.650479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           354.634879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           357.024396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           322.818133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           266.227498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           333.185892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           268.265805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           233.860291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           347.186392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           344.947649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           352.564998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           355.284727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           322.510992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           354.654124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           436.232839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           400.552993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.078587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.051452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.029683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.050550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.078078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.078239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.047352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.066378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.077368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.008187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.007137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.013313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        48452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        24980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  573984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           181713                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                181713                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2083                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        48530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   576067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        48530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        25366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        47822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        47979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35005                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        25613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35349                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        43497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  576067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                334470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 334514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10948                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                334514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6228689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2309735774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4942012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3110389158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5236431532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6284811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3280873192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5916604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1814640758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5770200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3282165855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5626208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1795141095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5764419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1900707141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5642141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3296505600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6244278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5347697515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6222780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5328987406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5137592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3143125545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5665377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1753466729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5316015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3098414470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4617301453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5235772940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54644111557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       708309                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       723601                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       957776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       140915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       984658                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       616871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1699301                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       175646                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       296499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       825498                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       7129074                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6228689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2309735774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4942012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3111097467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5236431532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6284811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3281596793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5916604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1814640758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5770200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3283123631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5626208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1795282010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5764419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1900707141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5642141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3297490258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6244278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5348314386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6222780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5330686707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5137592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3143301191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5665377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1753466729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5316015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3098710969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4617301453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5236598438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54651240631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6228689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2309735774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4942012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3111097467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6504522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5236431532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6284811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3281596793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5916604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1814640758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5770200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3283123631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5626208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1795282010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5764419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1900707141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5642141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3297490258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6244278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5348314386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6222780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5330686707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5137592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3143301191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5665377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1753466729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5316015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3098710969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5710892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4617301453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5236598438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54651240631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        80574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        54320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              908454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       181713                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            181713                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        80652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        54392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               910581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        80652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        80676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        54326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        54392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        80712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              910581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.368175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.128205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.020686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.301482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.392661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.301482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.392661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151919.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163382.314069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149757.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162363.060918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162613.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162829.426661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157120.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164487.776597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151707.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164072.401266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151847.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164437.167084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156283.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163984.753357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155795.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164193.775138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156726.138889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164603.065861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156106.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162910.422074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159558.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163030.789182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151105.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162687.657609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149088.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164136.172330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147667.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162723.306024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146433.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164188.231740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162510.799553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163375.225153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 177077.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 144720.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159629.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       140915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164109.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 154217.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 169930.100000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       175646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148249.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 165099.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162024.409091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151919.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163382.314069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149757.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162366.132613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162613.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162829.426661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157120.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164482.822565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151707.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164072.401266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151847.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164435.722278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156283.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163982.646145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155795.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164193.775138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156726.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164602.918085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156106.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162909.362961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159558.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163032.899257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151105.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162688.328296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149088.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164136.172330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147667.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162721.785906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146433.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164188.231740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162511.201254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163375.047475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151919.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163382.314069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149757.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162366.132613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162613.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162829.426661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157120.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164482.822565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151707.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164072.401266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151847.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164435.722278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156283.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163982.646145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155795.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164193.775138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156726.138889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164602.918085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156106.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162909.362961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159558.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163032.899257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151105.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162688.328296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149088.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164136.172330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147667.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162721.785906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146433.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164188.231740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152075.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162511.201254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163375.047475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                92053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     92053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           334470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            334514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        32697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           334514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3841069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1486470368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3022457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1994581801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4179999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3364758177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3959191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2119250367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3649779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1170683123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3560664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2119754367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3530985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1157727557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1226631697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3550904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2130224802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3917135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3436876938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3957693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3426485491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3159072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017787852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3453384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1131434944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3220787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1989265431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3436570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2979762974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3569626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3360559271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35169882407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       475760                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       432212                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       608762                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       633858                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1116561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       117635                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       179691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       534432                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4565925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3841069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1486470368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3022457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1995057561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4179999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3364758177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3959191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2119682579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3649779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1170683123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3560664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2120363129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3530985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1157810164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1226631697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3550904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2130858660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3917135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3437261345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3957693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3427602052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3159072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017905487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3453384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1131434944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3220787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1989445122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3436570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2979762974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3569626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3361093703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35174448332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3841069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1486470368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3022457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1995057561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4179999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3364758177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3959191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2119682579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3649779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1170683123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3560664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2120363129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3530985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1157810164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3617932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1226631697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3550904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2130858660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3917135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3437261345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3957693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3427602052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3159072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2017905487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3453384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1131434944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3220787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1989445122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3436570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2979762974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3569626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3361093703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35174448332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.360914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.321056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.356096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.128205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.063291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.301482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.392661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.345876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.398555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.360693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.305095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.301482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.319206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.407057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.355649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.392661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93684.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105147.511353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91589.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104117.648953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104499.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104628.818589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98979.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106249.391708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93584.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105848.383635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93701.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106200.118587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98082.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105757.518681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97781.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105963.346320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98636.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106367.643781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97928.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104699.839700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101479.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104827.163429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92913.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104440.365010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90878.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105909.851540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89466.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104472.739404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88117.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105958.430197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93937.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104306.886554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105151.082031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       118940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86442.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101460.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        82607                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       105643                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96101.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111656.100000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       117635                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89845.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106886.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103771.022727                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93684.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105147.511353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91589.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104120.743228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104499.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104628.818589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98979.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106244.427798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93584.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105848.383635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93701.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106198.694230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98082.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105755.404092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97781.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105963.346320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98636.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106367.426746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97928.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104698.792111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101479.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104829.251980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92913.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104441.047927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90878.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105909.851540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89466.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104471.203172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88117.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105958.430197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93937.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104307.286814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.900506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93684.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105147.511353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91589.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104120.743228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 104499.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104628.818589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98979.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106244.427798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93584.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105848.383635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93701.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106198.694230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98082.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105755.404092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97781.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105963.346320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98636.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106367.426746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97928.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104698.792111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101479.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104829.251980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92913.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104441.047927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 90878.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105909.851540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89466.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104471.203172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88117.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105958.430197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93937.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104307.286814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.900506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.947059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012191694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1954038.019305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.947059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.067223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12183598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12183598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12183598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12183598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12183598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12183598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8176361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8176361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8176361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8176361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8176361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8176361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12183650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12183650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12183650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12183650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12183650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12183650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157237.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157237.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157237.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157237.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157237.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157237.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6885336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6885336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6885336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6885336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6885336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6885336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160124.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160124.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160124.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160124.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160124.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160124.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166568287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.898782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.149157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.850843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8382206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15438302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16231906989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16231906989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75288768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75288768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16307195757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16307195757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16307195757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16307195757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8513186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15570148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15570148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15570148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15570148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123926.607032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123926.607032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86938.531178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86938.531178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123683.659398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123683.659398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123683.659398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123683.659398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4237025354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4237025354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10042317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10042317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4247067671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247067671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4247067671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247067671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104042.465229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104042.465229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67398.100671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67398.100671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103908.880459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103908.880459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103908.880459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103908.880459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.381974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              932319408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1661888.427807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.365148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.016826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12174376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12174376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12174376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12174376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12174376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12174376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6414939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6414939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6414939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6414939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6414939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6414939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12174417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12174417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12174417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12174417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12174417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12174417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156461.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156461.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156461.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156461.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156461.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156461.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5505826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5505826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5505826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161936.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161936.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161936.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161936.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161936.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161936.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                54409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224698815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                54665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4110.469496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.026587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.973413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.793073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.206927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17873458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17873458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3451262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21324720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       21324720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     21324720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      21324720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       188987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       189347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       189347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       189347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       189347                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21546045709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21546045709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34717364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34717364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21580763073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21580763073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21580763073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21580763073                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18062445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18062445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3451622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21514067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21514067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     21514067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21514067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114008.083672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114008.083672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96437.122222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96437.122222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113974.676509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113974.676509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 113974.676509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113974.676509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        54409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5679848609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5679848609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5515891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5515891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5685364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5685364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5685364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5685364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104531.960560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104531.960560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75560.150685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75560.150685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104493.089379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104493.089379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104493.089379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104493.089379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.565118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1042831793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1785670.878425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.508338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.056780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11875028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11875028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11875028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11875028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11875028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11875028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10571168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10571168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10571168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10571168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10571168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10571168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11875082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11875082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11875082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11875082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11875082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11875082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195762.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195762.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195762.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195762.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195762.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195762.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8198125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8198125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8198125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8198125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8198125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8198125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199954.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199954.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                80689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              450340572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                80945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5563.537859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.899555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.100445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31135801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31135801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17049646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17049646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48185447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       48185447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48185447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      48185447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       285760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       285760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       285760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34393854116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34393854116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     21527392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21527392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34415381508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34415381508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34415381508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34415381508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     31421310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31421310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17049897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17049897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48471207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48471207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48471207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48471207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120465.043540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120465.043540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85766.501992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85766.501992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120434.565747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120434.565747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120434.565747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120434.565747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           13593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205071                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8965293748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8965293748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5401987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5401987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8970695735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8970695735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8970695735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8970695735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111216.753892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111216.753892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69256.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69256.243590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111176.191736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111176.191736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111176.191736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111176.191736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.446489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013313036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1937501.024857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.446489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11988885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11988885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11988885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11988885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11988885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11988885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8689829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8689829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8689829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8689829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11988934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11988934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11988934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11988934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11988934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11988934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177343.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177343.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177343.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177343.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 177343.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177343.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7335250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7335250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7335250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7335250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178908.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178908.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178908.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178908.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178908.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178908.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172634365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3106.666757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.985429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.014571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8456550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8456550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7155541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15612091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15612091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15612091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15612091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       190088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       193837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       193837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       193837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       193837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25018473473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25018473473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479553945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479553945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25498027418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25498027418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25498027418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25498027418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8646638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8646638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7159290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15805928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15805928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15805928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15805928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131615.217547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131615.217547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127915.162710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127915.162710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131543.654813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131543.654813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131543.654813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131543.654813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        87345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        87345                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       138524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5863443319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5863443319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11115389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11115389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5874558708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5874558708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5874558708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5874558708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106308.463766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106308.463766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70350.563291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70350.563291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106205.751053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106205.751053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106205.751053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106205.751053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.992698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1015377528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2047132.112903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.992698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12278088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12278088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12278088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12278088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12278088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12278088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9589929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9589929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9589929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9589929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9589929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9589929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12278142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12278142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12278142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12278142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12278142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12278142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177591.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177591.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177591.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177591.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177591.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177591.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7268592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7268592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7268592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7268592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177282.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177282.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177282.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177282.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177282.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177282.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                36251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              164336417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                36507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4501.504287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.432802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.567198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9790102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9790102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7273034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17063136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17063136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17063136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17063136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        95112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        95112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        95112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        95112                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10073882643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10073882643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    142806880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142806880                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10216689523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10216689523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10216689523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10216689523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9883085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9883085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7275163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17690                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17158248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17158248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17158248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17158248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108341.123033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108341.123033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67076.975106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67076.975106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107417.460709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107417.460709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107417.460709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107417.460709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        37253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  9313.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        56943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58861                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3602120630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3602120630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16518718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16518718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3618639348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3618639348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3618639348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3618639348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99947.853219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99947.853219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78287.763033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78287.763033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99821.780034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99821.780034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99821.780034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99821.780034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.506642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013313402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1944939.351248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.506642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11989251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11989251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11989251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11989251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11989251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11989251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8041862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8041862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8041862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8041862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8041862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8041862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11989299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11989299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11989299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11989299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11989299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11989299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167538.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167538.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167538.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167538.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167538.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167538.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6654202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6654202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6654202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6654202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6654202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6654202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170620.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170620.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170620.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170620.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170620.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170620.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172640119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3098.406630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.985373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.014627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8460482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8460482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7157612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15618094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15618094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15618094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15618094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       189457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3779                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       193236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       193236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24889415515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24889415515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    483935356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483935356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25373350871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25373350871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25373350871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25373350871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8649939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7161391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15811330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15811330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15811330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15811330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131372.372174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131372.372174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128059.104525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128059.104525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131307.576595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131307.576595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 131307.576595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131307.576595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137773                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5876168524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5876168524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11249887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11249887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5887418411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5887418411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5887418411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5887418411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106252.143136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106252.143136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70754.006289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70754.006289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106150.377928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106150.377928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106150.377928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106150.377928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              492.275177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1015377592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2059589.436105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.275177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.059736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12278152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12278152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12278152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12278152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12278152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12278152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9467898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9467898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9467898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9467898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9467898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9467898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12278207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12278207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12278207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12278207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12278207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12278207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172143.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172143.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172143.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172143.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 172143.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172143.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6909682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6909682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6909682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6909682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6909682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6909682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181833.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181833.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181833.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181833.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181833.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181833.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              164339883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                36569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4493.967103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.431969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.568031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9790124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9790124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7276389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7276389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17066513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17066513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17066513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17066513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        93300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2186                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        95486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        95486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10078035824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10078035824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    144350266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144350266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10222386090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10222386090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10222386090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10222386090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9883424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9883424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7278575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7278575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17161999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17161999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17161999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17161999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108017.532947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108017.532947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66033.973468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66033.973468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107056.386172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107056.386172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107056.386172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107056.386172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        77146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 15429.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        57197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        59172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3593444937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593444937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16363476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16363476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3609808413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3609808413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3609808413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3609808413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99533.139545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99533.139545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77552.018957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77552.018957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99405.419755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99405.419755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99405.419755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99405.419755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.065579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015370667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2055406.208502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.065579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12271227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12271227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12271227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12271227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12271227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12271227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8793800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8793800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8793800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8793800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8793800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8793800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12271277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12271277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12271277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12271277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12271277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12271277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       175876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       175876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       175876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       175876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7024119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7024119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180105.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180105.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180105.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180105.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180105.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180105.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164325267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4499.473371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.432591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.567409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9782651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7269390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7269390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19464                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17052041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17052041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17052041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17052041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        95288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        95288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10223833072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10223833072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    140878277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    140878277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10364711349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10364711349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10364711349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10364711349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9875793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7271536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17147329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17147329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17147329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17147329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109766.089111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109766.089111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65646.913793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65646.913793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108772.472389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108772.472389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108772.472389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108772.472389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       212034                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        35339                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3658532679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3658532679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15895607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15895607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3674428286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3674428286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3674428286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3674428286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101468.068532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101468.068532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76055.535885                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76055.535885                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101321.612740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101321.612740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101321.612740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101321.612740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.663928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1013310847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1952429.377649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.663928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11986696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11986696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11986696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11986696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11986696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11986696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7970011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7970011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7970011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7970011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7970011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7970011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11986742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11986742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11986742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11986742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11986742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11986742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173261.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173261.108696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173261.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173261.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173261.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173261.108696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6519841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6519841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6519841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6519841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6519841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6519841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176211.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176211.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176211.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176211.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 176211.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176211.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                55706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172639264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                55962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3084.937350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.984967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.015033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8459644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8459644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7157534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17577                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16469                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16469                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15617178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15617178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15617178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15617178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       193688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       193688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       193688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24878079493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24878079493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    480964169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    480964169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25359043662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25359043662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25359043662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25359043662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8649562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7161304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17577                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16469                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16469                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15810866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15810866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15810866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15810866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130993.794653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130993.794653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127576.702653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127576.702653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130927.283373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130927.283373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130927.283373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130927.283373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       137982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       137982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        55706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5904057548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5904057548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11245247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11245247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5915302795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5915302795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5915302795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5915302795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106289.404432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106289.404432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 70724.823899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70724.823899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106187.893494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106187.893494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106187.893494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106187.893494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              580.065592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1042822351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1785654.710616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.008738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.056854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.865476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11865586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11865586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11865586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11865586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11865586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11865586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9186193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9186193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9186193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9186193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9186193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9186193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11865638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11865638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11865638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11865638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11865638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11865638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176657.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176657.557692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176657.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176657.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176657.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176657.557692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7478065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7478065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7478065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7478065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182391.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182391.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182391.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182391.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 182391.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182391.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                80652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              450315544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                80908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5565.772779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.899417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.100583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31119397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31119397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17041030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17041030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     48160427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       48160427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     48160427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      48160427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       285993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       286252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       286252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       286252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       286252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34713858748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34713858748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     23058099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23058099                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34736916847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34736916847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  34736916847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34736916847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     31405390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31405390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17041289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17041289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     48446679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48446679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     48446679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48446679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121380.099331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121380.099331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89027.409266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89027.409266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121350.826709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121350.826709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121350.826709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121350.826709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        80574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        80652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        80652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9029145095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9029145095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5808586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5808586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9034953681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9034953681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9034953681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9034953681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112060.281170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112060.281170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 74469.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74469.051282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112023.926015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112023.926015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112023.926015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112023.926015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              580.221966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1042823794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1788720.058319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.209863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.012103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11867029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11867029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11867029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11867029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9340493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9340493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9340493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9340493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9340493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9340493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11867080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11867080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11867080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11867080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183146.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183146.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183146.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183146.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183146.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183146.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7561706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7561706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7561706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7561706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7561706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7561706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189042.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189042.650000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189042.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189042.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 189042.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189042.650000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                80676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              450326201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                80932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5564.253954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.899953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.100047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31125993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31125993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17045084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17045084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48171077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       48171077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     48171077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      48171077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       285974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       286227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       286227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       286227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       286227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34668381732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34668381732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24966455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24966455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34693348187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34693348187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  34693348187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34693348187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     31411967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31411967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17045337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17045337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48457304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48457304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     48457304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48457304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121229.138775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121229.138775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98681.640316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98681.640316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121209.208729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121209.208729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121209.208729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121209.208729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        80676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9018970532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9018970532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6585821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6585821                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9025556353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9025556353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9025556353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9025556353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111900.674111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111900.674111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84433.602564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84433.602564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111874.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111874.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 111874.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111874.118114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.985341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              932316886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658926.843416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.866242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.119099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12171854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12171854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12171854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12171854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12171854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6934598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6934598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6934598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6934598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6934598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6934598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12171899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12171899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12171899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12171899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12171899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12171899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154102.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.177778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154102.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154102.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154102.177778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5733172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5733172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5733172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5733172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5733172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5733172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163804.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163804.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163804.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163804.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163804.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163804.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                54326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224696232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4116.672749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   203.095783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    52.904217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.793343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.206657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17870879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17870879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3451258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21322137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21322137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21322137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21322137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       189975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       189975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21677042676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21677042676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29275723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29275723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21706318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21706318399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21706318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21706318399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18060521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18060521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3451591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21512112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21512112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21512112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21512112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114305.073117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114305.073117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87915.084084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87915.084084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114258.815102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114258.815102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114258.815102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114258.815102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        54326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5697921402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5697921402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4773006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4773006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5702694408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5702694408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5702694408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5702694408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105021.129887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105021.129887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67225.436620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67225.436620                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104971.733755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104971.733755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104971.733755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104971.733755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              494.001930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015382301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2051277.375758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.001930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12282861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12282861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12282861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12282861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12282861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12282861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9219047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9219047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9219047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9219047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9219047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9219047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12282911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12282911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12282911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12282911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12282911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12282911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184380.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184380.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184380.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184380.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184380.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184380.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7530919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7530919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7530919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7530919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7530919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7530919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 188272.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188272.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 188272.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188272.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 188272.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188272.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164338025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4496.006374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.438136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.561864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9789795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9789795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7274998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7274998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17064793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17064793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17064793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17064793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9949077948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9949077948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    138576414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138576414                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10087654362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10087654362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10087654362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10087654362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9882980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9882980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7277080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7277080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17160060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17160060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17160060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17160060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106766.946912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106766.946912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66559.276657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66559.276657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105888.233722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105888.233722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105888.233722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105888.233722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        64698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        10783                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            7865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3564725615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564725615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15842671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15842671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3580568286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3580568286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3580568286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3580568286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98778.696935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98778.696935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 76166.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76166.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98649.115219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98649.115219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98649.115219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98649.115219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.775003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              932318531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1653047.040780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.639071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   524.135932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.839961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12173499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12173499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12173499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12173499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12173499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7103826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7103826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7103826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7103826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7103826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7103826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12173544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12173544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12173544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157862.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157862.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157862.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157862.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157862.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157862.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5962554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5962554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5962554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5962554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161150.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161150.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161150.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161150.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161150.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161150.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                54392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              224702491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                54648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4111.815455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   203.082835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    52.917165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.793292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.206708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17876064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17876064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3452330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3452330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21328394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       21328394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     21328394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      21328394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       189050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       189399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       189399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       189399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       189399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21511955598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21511955598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     31640727                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31640727                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21543596325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21543596325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  21543596325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21543596325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18065114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18065114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3452679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3452679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8104                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21517793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21517793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     21517793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21517793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113789.767776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113789.767776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90661.108883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90661.108883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113747.149272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113747.149272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113747.149272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113747.149272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       134730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        54320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        54392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        54392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5675454852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5675454852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5093503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5093503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5680548355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5680548355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5680548355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5680548355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.863991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104481.863991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70743.097222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70743.097222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104437.203173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104437.203173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104437.203173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104437.203173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.988765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1017912854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1920590.290566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.988765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12137529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12137529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12137529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12137529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12137529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12137529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7746047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7746047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7746047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7746047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7746047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7746047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12137580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12137580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12137580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12137580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12137580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12137580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151883.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151883.274510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151883.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151883.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151883.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151883.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6254956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6254956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6254956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156373.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156373.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156373.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156373.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156373.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156373.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                71619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              181299282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                71875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2522.424793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.161046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.838954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8423637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8423637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6977745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6977745                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19386                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19386                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15401382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15401382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15401382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15401382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       181397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       182205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       182205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21941060975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21941060975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69100529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69100529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22010161504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22010161504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  22010161504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22010161504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8605034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8605034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6978553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6978553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19386                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19386                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15583587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15583587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15583587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15583587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120956.030006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120956.030006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85520.456683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85520.456683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120798.888636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120798.888636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120798.888636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120798.888636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       109912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       110586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       110586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110586                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7828095954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7828095954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8932888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8932888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7837028842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7837028842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7837028842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7837028842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109506.832958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109506.832958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66663.343284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66663.343284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109426.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109426.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109426.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109426.672280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              578.376926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1042828940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1791802.302405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.326168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.050758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11872175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11872175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11872175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11872175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11872175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11872175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8843029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8843029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8843029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8843029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8843029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8843029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11872224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11872224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11872224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11872224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11872224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11872224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180469.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180469.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180469.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180469.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 180469.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180469.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7258922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7258922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7258922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7258922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7258922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7258922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186126.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186126.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186126.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186126.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 186126.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186126.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                80712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              450334465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                80968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5561.882040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.899654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.100346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     31131661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31131661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17047676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17047676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48179337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       48179337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48179337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      48179337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       286176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       286176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       286437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       286437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       286437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       286437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34558024904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34558024904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25005230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25005230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34583030134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34583030134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34583030134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34583030134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     31417837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31417837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17047937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17047937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8334                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     48465774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48465774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     48465774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48465774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120757.942329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120757.942329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 95805.478927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95805.478927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120735.205766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120735.205766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120735.205766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120735.205766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           15241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        80712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8964795354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8964795354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6127986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6127986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8970923340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8970923340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8970923340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8970923340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111180.228368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111180.228368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77569.443038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77569.443038                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111147.330508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111147.330508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111147.330508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111147.330508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
