
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 408782                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522714                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40295                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32917.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13456045183                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206394112                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        79872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        80256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        52864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               663808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       259712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            259712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     60216776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     60506280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               500455449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           35222954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         195801023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              195801023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         195801023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     60216776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     60506280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              696256472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         176439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17503                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1708162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1043335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            176439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        84520                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              213861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         58968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       215721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          106673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2178565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1964704     90.18%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11263      0.52%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17911      0.82%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          26688      1.23%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11336      0.52%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          13326      0.61%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13760      0.63%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9879      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         109698      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2178565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.055477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.328051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1685656                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       240276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          212071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1419                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        28640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1264196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1690357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         82138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       143290                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          208885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1260793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1088                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1724567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5876857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5876857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1417580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         306915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           41815                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       128125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        70841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14815                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1256522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          321                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1170610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2178565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.222847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1676882     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204870      9.40%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113174      5.19%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73614      3.38%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66601      3.06%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20125      0.92%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14914      0.68%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5043      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3342      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2178565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     10.99%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1218     43.16%     54.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1294     45.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       963579     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21460      1.83%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116259      9.93%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69183      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1170610                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.368070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2822                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002411                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4524650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1451380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1148970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1173432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27547                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          905                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         72473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1256847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10093                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        21631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1153451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110092                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             179174                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         156795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69082                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.362675                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1149118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1148970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          679820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1724671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.361266                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394174                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       849648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1036209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        19070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2139425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1718569     80.33%     80.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201062      9.40%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83301      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42324      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31472      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18135      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11164      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9158      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24240      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2139425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       849648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1036209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               166345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              100568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           144181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          936563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        20219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3372684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2554255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 30774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1001836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1036209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.743198                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.743198                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.267151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.267151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5234526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1569547                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1198420                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         229984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188633                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          87880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2190429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1311698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            229984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       110896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              286901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       226157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          136588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2462090     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30609      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          35760      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19301      0.70%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22005      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12858      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8572      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22199      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135597      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.072303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.412375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2171623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       245647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          284249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1598609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2175653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         63948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       171162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          282561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1596208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2219307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7427243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1857379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         361920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           30490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1591659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121431     77.17%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       251983      9.17%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135812      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93846      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81829      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42053      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10478      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6589      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4970      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1498     44.07%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1477     43.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1248843     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23328      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          181      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137781      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81344      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.468895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1813449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1494876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1592068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1468134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             210536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         204638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.461556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1464863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1464769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          871318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2281490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.460498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1337874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156962     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253864      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106670      3.95%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63405      2.34%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43839      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28562      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15205      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11813      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23546      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1090733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1337874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               202665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122966                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           191284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1206267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4272446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3229384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                431844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1337874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.916236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.916236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.342908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.342908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6620376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2035447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1491406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         212178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2246001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1332288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            212178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        85797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         41689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       340226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          130683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2877246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2614470     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9217      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18946      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8011      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          43019      1.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          38796      1.35%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7470      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          15691      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         121626      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2877246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.418849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2223358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       363340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          261606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        18793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1561461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2226823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        316114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        36608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          259310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        10363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1559310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1837373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7339410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7339410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1590440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         246933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       365639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       183693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1553915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2877246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2343177     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164366      5.71%     87.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132101      4.59%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56709      1.97%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70639      2.46%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67241      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38105      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3124      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1784      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2877246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3668     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28321     86.32%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       932362     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12859      0.87%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354090     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182828     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.465986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467567                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        308303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1554122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        14968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             535531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           182785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.462292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1467675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1467567                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          793900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1569383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.461378                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1181692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1388513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2849227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2342527     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187012      6.56%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87336      3.07%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85194      2.99%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23197      0.81%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97641      3.43%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7447      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5412      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13461      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2849227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1181692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1388513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               528931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              347339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           183353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1234646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        13461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4389981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3136485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 49937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1388513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.691763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.691763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.371504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.371504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7263817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1708267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1851657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2312177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1264233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       152020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              280023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        89402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          141310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2445223     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          41387      1.52%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21925      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          40748      1.50%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13414      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37619      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5990      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10506      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         108434      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2725246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2279191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       123212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          279273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        22137                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          428                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1421201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2283225                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         84033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        27238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          275499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1418292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         9714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1866699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6437504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1487272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         379427                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           25693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       249323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        43027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         9488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408967                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2152440     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184885      6.78%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186044      6.83%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108910      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        59069      2.17%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15529      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17593      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          364      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2406     57.96%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.37%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030057     78.69%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10613      0.81%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225835     17.25%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42377      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.411520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348835                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        43216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         68979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        20373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290122                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222060                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             264409                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         195445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            42349                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.405592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1274201                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1273608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          769725                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1704945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.400401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.451466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2682030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2256639     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168659      6.29%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106963      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33544      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55355      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11355      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7325      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6532      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35658      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2682030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1005353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1136350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               237210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              195919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           174302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          994121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        14673                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        35658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4055613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2861758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 52670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                455589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1005353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1136350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1005353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.163899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.163899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.316066                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.316066                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5984568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1666280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1496389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         231427                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2203996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1319720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            231427                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       111610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              288672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         70682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       219243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          137468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2757700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2469028     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          30787      1.12%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          35984      1.30%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          19428      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          22138      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          12950      0.47%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           8645      0.31%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          22343      0.81%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         136397      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2757700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.072757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.414897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2185056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       238869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          286004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        37391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1608441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2189105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         61044                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       167225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          284288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        10621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1606039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2232553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7472780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7472780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1868209                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         364322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           30782                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       154208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        82679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1601347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1500512                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525357                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2757700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2126307     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253537      9.19%     86.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136627      4.95%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94459      3.43%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82300      2.98%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42301      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10543      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6627      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4999      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2757700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           425     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1507     44.10%     56.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1485     43.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256312     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23471      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138693      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81854      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1500512                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.471735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3417                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5764480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1824625                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3626                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30455                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           81                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         55288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        27679                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             211899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         205899                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            81819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.464350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1473695                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1473599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          876423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2294821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.463274                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255933                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        24410                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2712291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162105     79.72%     79.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255369      9.42%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107333      3.96%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63805      2.35%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44088      1.63%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28729      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15297      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11881      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23684      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2712291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1097171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1345868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               203951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              123750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           192459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1213490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        27375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        23684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4290408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3249031                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 36020                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                423135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1097171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1345868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1097171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.899124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.899124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6660425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2047397                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1500573                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2194322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1313655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              287403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       209655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          136809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2736927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2449524     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30666      1.12%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          35844      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19346      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12895      0.47%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8558      0.31%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22250      0.81%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         135788      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2736927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.412991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2175597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       229062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          284750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1601175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2179626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         60892                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       157663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          283100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1598806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2222924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7439651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7439651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1860942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         361982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           30297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1594477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1494307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2736927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2108114     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       252525      9.23%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136084      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94039      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81958      2.99%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42136      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10490      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2736927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1501     44.07%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1481     43.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251218     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23344      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138040      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81523      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1494307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.469785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5731276                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1497713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         55256                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             210959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            81488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1467674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1467581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          872926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2285852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1340533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2143726     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254399      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106898      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63541      2.36%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43932      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28612      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15226      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11829      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23596      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1092843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1340533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               203108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              123234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1208653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4263109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3235065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                443908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1340533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.910606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.910606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6633019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2039218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1493754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         275813                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229714                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108250                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2395537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1514514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            275813                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       127846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              314661                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         75507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       197642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          150325                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25524                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2957961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2643300     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          19035      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          23999      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          38503      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          15773      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          20768      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          23999      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          11286      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         161298      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2957961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476137                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2382855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       213632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          313050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        41732                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1850388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2385847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          7808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       198660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          310191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7209                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1837930                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2567562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8543140                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8543140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2114064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         453486                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26253                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       173741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        88976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        20151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1791966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1707144                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503779                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2957961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2235555     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328738     11.11%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134634      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76137      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101717      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32220      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31266      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16389      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1305      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2957961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11839     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1647     10.97%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1438518     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23081      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156820      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88515      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1707144                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6389427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2031132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1722161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1792407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15202                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        30586                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1676356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             242430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         236461                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            88478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.527018                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1660909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1660871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          994996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2674123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1229709                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1515067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277354                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        26824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2909720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2267861     77.94%     77.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325760     11.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118035      4.06%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58570      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53708      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22675      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22451      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10666      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29994      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2909720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1229709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1515067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               224539                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              137330                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           219572                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1364059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        31260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        29994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4672134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3633096                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 38280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                222874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1229709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1515067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1229709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.586657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.586657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.386599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.386599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7540086                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2322960                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1709346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3178335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         176887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       144146                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17550                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1712642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1045641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            176887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        84683                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              214296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       214784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          107065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2182713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1968417     90.18%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11224      0.51%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17906      0.82%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          26777      1.23%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11378      0.52%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          13482      0.62%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          13669      0.63%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9775      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110085      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2182713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.055654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.328990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1690636                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       238806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          212538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        28693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          354                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1267017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1695237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         90429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          209414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        14336                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1263708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1029                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1727364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5889903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5889903                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1418787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         308576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           41001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       128782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        70919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1259416                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1172879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       460148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2182713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1681497     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204163      9.35%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112416      5.15%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73656      3.37%     94.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67164      3.08%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20443      0.94%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14910      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5127      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3337      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2182713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     10.42%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1255     43.73%     54.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     45.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       965300     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21504      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116624      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69322      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1172879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.369023                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2870                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002447                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4533369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1455590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1150911                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1175749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28030                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          921                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         71409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1856                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1259743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10138                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        21892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1155490                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             179606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         156947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.363552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1151054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1150911                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          680514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1726722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.362111                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        19178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2143367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1722812     80.38%     80.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200610      9.36%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83070      3.88%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42391      1.98%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31629      1.48%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18119      0.85%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11209      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9182      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24345      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2143367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       850646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1037322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               166678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           144271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          937609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        20229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3379492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2560327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                995622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1037322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.736378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.736378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.267639                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.267639                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5243940                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1571634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1201061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         211631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2241781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1329703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            211631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        85490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         41827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       326156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          130452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2596306     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9135      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18926      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8005      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          42867      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          38777      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7444      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15611      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         121430      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2216621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       351787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          261022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1558269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2220301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        301074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1556048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         5115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1832604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7324172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7324172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1584293                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         248311                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           27547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       365589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       183515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1550693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1478807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       347510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325435     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164087      5.74%     87.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131636      4.61%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56860      1.99%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70934      2.48%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66815      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37852      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3111      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1771      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3615     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28167     86.42%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          813      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       929396     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12794      0.87%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353897     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182633     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1478807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.464912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022041                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5849983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1694288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        292727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1550900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1466961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             535087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         191866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           182586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.461187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1464119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1464018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          791930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1564595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.460262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1178142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2325156     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186640      6.59%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86790      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84942      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23361      0.83%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97302      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7400      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5401      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13364      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1178142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1384119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               528306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              346953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1230688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        13364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4367969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3130136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 49736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                322334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1384119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.699874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.699874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.370388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.370388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7248070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1703165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1848686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         275026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229186                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2390166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1510583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            275026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       127595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              313847                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         75278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       201680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles          906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          114                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          149925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2954983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2641136     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          18966      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          24033      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38356      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          15765      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          20630      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          23916      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          11163      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         161018      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2954983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474901                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2376971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       217551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          312232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        41492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1845520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2379931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       202734                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          309402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7157                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1833061                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2561391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8521703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8521703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      2110998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         450384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       173413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        88631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1042                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19982                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1787668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1703359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2145                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       501743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2954983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2234077     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       327928     11.10%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134397      4.55%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76165      2.58%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101527      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32272      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30958      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16346      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2954983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11784     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1647     11.01%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1435396     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23062      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156531      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88161      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1703359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.535507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14958                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6378804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2025497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1657374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1718317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        48056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5845                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1788109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        30542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1672891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153715                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             241839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         235903                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            88124                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.525928                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1657412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1657374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          993375                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2670263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1227888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1512779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275350                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        26780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2906927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2266090     77.95%     77.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325085     11.18%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117959      4.06%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58508      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53689      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22622      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22404      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10598      0.36%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29972      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2906927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1227888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1512779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               224169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              137115                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           219229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1361979                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        31199                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        29972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4665071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3624323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 38175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                225852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1227888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1512779                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1227888                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.590493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.590493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.386027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.386027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7524835                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2318689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1704831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         211867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2242614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1330693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            211867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        85542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              262335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         41849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       324874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2595881     90.82%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18802      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7966      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          42969      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          38757      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7501      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15695      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         121487      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2858216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2221746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       346220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          261146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1559570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2225148                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296248                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        39958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          258925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1557348                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1834374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7330257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7330257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1586283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         248086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       365707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       183563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552028                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1479798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325529     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163477      5.72%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131903      4.61%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56426      1.97%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70833      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67081      2.35%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38074      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3088      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1805      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3633     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28281     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       930212     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12807      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354006     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182686     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1479798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022122                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5851815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        289171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1552238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1467997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             535225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         192029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           182643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461513                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1465137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1465027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          792464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1565388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.460579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1179277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2830047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2324544     82.14%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186277      6.58%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87207      3.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85007      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23279      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97652      3.45%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7417      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5404      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13260      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2830047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1179277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1385498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               528480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              347060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1231919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13260                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4369124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3132886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 49861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                322619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1385498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.697276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.697276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.370744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.370744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7252530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1704653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1849767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         231689                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95035                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1070                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2207182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1321343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            231689                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       111761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              289029                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         70702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       199992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          137616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2742007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2452978     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          30829      1.12%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          36034      1.31%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          19452      0.71%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          22175      0.81%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          12963      0.47%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           8634      0.31%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          22369      0.82%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         136573      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2742007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.072839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.415408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2188249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       219608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          286364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        37441                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1610416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2192302                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         55439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       153570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          284672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        10592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1608062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2235626                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7482459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7482459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1871408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         364218                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           30659                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       154353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        82814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1603514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          409                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1502742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2742007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2109656     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253956      9.26%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136826      4.99%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94550      3.45%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82459      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42361      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10559      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6631      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5009      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2742007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           426     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1513     44.11%     56.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1491     43.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1258222     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23493      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138853      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81991      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1502742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.472436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3430                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002282                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5753263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826743                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1506172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49728                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1603927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14238                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        27709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1479226                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             212188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         206193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            81956                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.465043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1475924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1475829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          877844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2298414                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.463975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1099046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1348078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        24437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.315446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2145458     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255874      9.49%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107465      3.99%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63892      2.37%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44182      1.64%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28771      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15309      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11895      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23737      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1099046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1348078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               204264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              123926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           192741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1215489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        27408                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        23737                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4276833                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3253403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                438828                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1099046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1348078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1099046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.894178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.894178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.345521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.345521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6670516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2050649                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1502481                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2222917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1327161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       112183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              290411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         70613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       201103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          138593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2760014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2469603     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          31099      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          36157      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          19599      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22238      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12997      0.47%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8626      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          22577      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137118      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2760014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2203779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       220900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          287817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        37654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1617693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2145                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2207800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         41186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       169229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          286148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        10440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1615344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2247093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7517806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7517806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1885842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         361246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          422                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           30286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       154454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        83456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2059                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2760014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2123085     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255776      9.27%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137953      5.00%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95504      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82925      3.00%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42460      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10587      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6664      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5060      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2760014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           430     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1511     43.90%     56.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1501     43.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266901     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23669      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139467      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82623      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512844                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.475612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5791288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1486021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         35683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27881                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             213524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         207667                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            82579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.468171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1486110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1486021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          884216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2314656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.467180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382008                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1107389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1358409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2714811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.315670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2159407     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257771      9.49%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108331      3.99%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64529      2.38%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44427      1.64%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29089      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15473      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11874      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23910      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2714811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1107389                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1358409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               205779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              124862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           194268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1224757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27620                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        23910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4302449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3268308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                420821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1107389                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1358409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1107389                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.872374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.872374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6715865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2065472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1509628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2234968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1326012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        85192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              261464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         41625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       327893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          130055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2852555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2591091     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18698      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7931      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          42911      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          38711      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7423      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15508      0.54%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         121124      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2852555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.066333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2208992                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       354349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        18651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1554085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2212702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        307520                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        35432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          257829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11057                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1551864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         5399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          127                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1826475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7305008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7305008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1579774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         246678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           27897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       365206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       183273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1546539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1474962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1227                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2852555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2320904     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163668      5.74%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131488      4.61%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56378      1.98%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70679      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66790      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37788      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3090      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1770      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2852555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3602     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28150     86.43%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       926133     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12744      0.86%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353591     23.97%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182408     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1474962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.463703                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022081                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5836271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1689024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1460258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1507530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        298838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1546742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1657                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        14919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             534525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         191367                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           182363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.460006                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1460370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1460258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          789526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1559137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.459080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1175463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1380954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2824549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2320684     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186008      6.59%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86727      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84705      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23103      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97145      3.44%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7400      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5376      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13401      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2824549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1175463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1380954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               527842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              346665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                88                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1227857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        13401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4357943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3121655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 49620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                328280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1380954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.706027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.706027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.369545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.369545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7230989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1697754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1844497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         275981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98716                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2398469                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1515901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            275981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       128055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              314957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         75519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       195466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          150428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2961499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2646542     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          19025      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          24117      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          38487      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          15820      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20723      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          24005      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          11199      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         161581      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2961499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2388418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       211379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          313319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        48210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        41643                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1851959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        48210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2391389                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          7706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       196534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          310470                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1839406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2570095                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8551269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8551269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2118195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         451900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           26289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       174011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        88937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        20051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1793736                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1709188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503254                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2961499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2238121     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329050     11.11%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134845      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76415      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101921      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32399      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31027      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16406      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1315      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2961499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11827     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     10.99%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1440291     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23142      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157078      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88467      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1709188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.537339                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15007                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6397030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2032309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1724195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        48210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          5844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1794177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88937                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15264                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        30643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1678614                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             242680                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         236738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            88430                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.527727                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1663083                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1663045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          996712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2679292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522833                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372006                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1232079                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1517991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        26867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2913289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2270230     77.93%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326199     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118397      4.06%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58713      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53867      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22695      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22476      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10636      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30076      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2913289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1232079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1517991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               224958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              137598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           220006                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1366670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        31315                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30076                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4677397                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3636610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 38294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                219336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1232079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1517991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1232079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.581681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.581681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.387345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.387345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7550574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2326474                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1710824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251499891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251499891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251499891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.070485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994070.715415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.070485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994070.715415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.070485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994070.715415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.317181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.375494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.317181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.375494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.317181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.375494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          655                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2043.045093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          96469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        35.769003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.569986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.953746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   265.082640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1625.438722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.129435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.793671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.997581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 457                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   396                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          625                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 652                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83859349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    577119476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     660978825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63232010                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     63232010                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83859349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    640351486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      724210835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83859349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    640351486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     724210835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             457                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               1048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              1048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.586751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.597549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.612745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.622137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.612745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.622137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3105901.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1034264.293907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1129878.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 943761.343284                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943761.343284                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3105901.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1024562.377600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1110752.814417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3105901.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1024562.377600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1110752.814417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                356                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     356                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81488051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    528206812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609694863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57348548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57348548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81488051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585555360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    667043411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81488051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585555360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    667043411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.586751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.612745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.612745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3018075.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 946607.189964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042213.441026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 855948.477612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855948.477612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3018075.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936888.576000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1023072.716258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3018075.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936888.576000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1023072.716258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.311183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.034873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.815308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   121.466709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1836.994293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.059310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.896970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197887484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213036028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      214417601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     214417601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 867927.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880314.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177869084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191788428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 780127.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792514.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          451                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.578197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         127562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        51.045218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.508958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   211.676293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1804.862251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.012456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.103358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.881280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 451                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68581906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    424444269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     493026175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68581906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427497890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      496079796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68581906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427497890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     496079796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.484392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2540070.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1003414.347518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095613.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2540070.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008249.740566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1099955.201774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2540070.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008249.740566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1099955.201774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66210555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387299808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453510363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66210555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390265629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456476184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66210555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390265629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456476184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452242.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 915602.382979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007800.806667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452242.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920437.804245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012142.314856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2452242.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920437.804245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012142.314856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.382006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          78428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        34.099130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.333614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.476816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   119.518262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1883.053314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.058359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.919460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          420                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   421                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247342028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      247342028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56608630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    190733398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     247342028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2177255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 840235.233480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977636.474308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54324925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    170802695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225127620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.350850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 752434.779736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889832.490119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.319090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.023491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.816929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   122.220797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1836.257873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.059678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.896610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    189184082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     205136654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1380537                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1380537                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    190564619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      206517191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    190564619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     206517191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139469.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 829754.745614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847672.123967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1380537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1380537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139469.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 832159.908297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849864.983539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139469.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 832159.908297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849864.983539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14723372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    169165682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183889054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1292737                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1292737                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14723372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    170458419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185181791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14723372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    170458419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185181791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1051669.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 741954.745614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759872.123967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1292737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1292737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1051669.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 744359.908297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762064.983539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1051669.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 744359.908297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762064.983539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.316555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.029343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.814688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   121.884503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1836.588020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.059514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.896771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16242760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193066879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     209309639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16242760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194431437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      210674197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16242760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194431437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     210674197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1160197.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846784.557018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864915.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1160197.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849045.576419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866972.004115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1160197.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 849045.576419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866972.004115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15012162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    173042735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188054897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15012162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174319493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189331655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15012162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174319493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189331655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1072297.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758959.364035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777086.351240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1072297.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761220.493450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779142.613169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1072297.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761220.493450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779142.613169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.261559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.420651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.013040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    53.306790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1934.521077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.026029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.944590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100532100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97520497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     198052597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100532100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97520497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      198052597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100532100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     97520497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     198052597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3723411.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 995107.112245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1584420.776000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3723411.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 995107.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1584420.776000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3723411.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 995107.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1584420.776000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98160682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88911756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187072438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98160682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88911756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187072438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     98160682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88911756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187072438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3635580.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 907262.816327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1496579.504000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3635580.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 907262.816327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1496579.504000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3635580.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 907262.816327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1496579.504000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          658                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2043.318956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          96479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        35.759451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.893737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.054101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   265.207864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1626.163254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.129496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.794025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.997714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   403                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                68                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    568271757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     636406930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     62063619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     62063619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    630335376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      698470549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68135173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    630335376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     698470549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               1056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              1056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.582899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.593306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.609329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.618371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.609329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.618371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2620583.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1016586.327370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1087875.094017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 912700.279412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912700.279412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2620583.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005319.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1069633.306279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2620583.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005319.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1069633.306279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                355                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     355                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65852373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    519188080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585040453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     56092249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56092249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65852373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    575280329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    641132702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65852373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    575280329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641132702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.582899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.609329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.609329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532783.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 928780.107335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000069.150427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 824886.014706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824886.014706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532783.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917512.486443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981826.496172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2532783.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917512.486443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 981826.496172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          448                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        51.105769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.519493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   210.951981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1805.575812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.012461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.103004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.881629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 448                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420391505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     477758777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      480172477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     480172477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1000932.154762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068811.581655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    383367114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438355046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440680946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440680946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 912778.842857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980660.058166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916135.425178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983662.825893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916135.425178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983662.825893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.255452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.412218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.023835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    53.279750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1934.539649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.026016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.944599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210491812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      210491812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    111867820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98623992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     210491812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4143252.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1006367.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1683934.496000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    109497220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     90019592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199516812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4055452.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 918567.265306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1596134.496000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          447                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.583480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        51.126253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.534264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.468904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   210.868973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1805.711339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.102963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.881695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 447                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69049478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    413099137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     482148615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69049478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415513047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      484562525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69049478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415513047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     484562525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557388.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 985916.794749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1081050.706278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557388.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989316.778571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1084032.494407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557388.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989316.778571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1084032.494407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66678316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    376300614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442978930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66678316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378626724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445305040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66678316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378626724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445305040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2469567.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 898092.157518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993226.300448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2469567.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901492.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996208.143177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2469567.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901492.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996208.143177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.317976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.013791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.816565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   122.572464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1835.915156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.059850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.896443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15893723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    187743525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     203637248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       741266                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       741266                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15893723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188484791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      204378514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     15893723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188484791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     204378514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135265.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 823436.513158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841476.231405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       741266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       741266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135265.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 823077.689956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841063.843621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1135265.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 823077.689956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841063.843621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14664523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    167723531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182388054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       653466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14664523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    168376997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183041520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14664523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    168376997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183041520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1047465.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735629.521930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753669.644628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       653466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       653466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1047465.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735270.729258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753257.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1047465.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 735270.729258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753257.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.330125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          74.998550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.182816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   123.294880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1834.853880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.060203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.895925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    179522916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     198296812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       742083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       742083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    180264999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      199038895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    180264999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     199038895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790849.850220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819408.314050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       742083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       742083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790635.960526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819090.102881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790635.960526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819090.102881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159589567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177045884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       654283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160243850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177700167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160243850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177700167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163754.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 703037.740088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731594.561983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       654283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       654283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163754.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 702823.903509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731276.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163754.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 702823.903509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731276.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          440                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.570503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         127556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        51.268489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.521288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.451170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   209.093215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1807.504831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.102096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.882571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 441                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75184080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    423719234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     498903314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75184080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426133206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      501317286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75184080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426133206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     501317286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.480874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.480392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.480392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2784595.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1025954.561743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1133871.168182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2784595.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1029307.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1136773.891156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2784595.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1029307.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1136773.891156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72813480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    387535757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460349237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72813480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    389861929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    462675409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72813480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    389861929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    462675409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2696795.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 938343.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1046248.265909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2696795.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 941695.480676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1049150.587302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2696795.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 941695.480676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1049150.587302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.258472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.419234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.033817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    53.351856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1934.453565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.944557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108138987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95665762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     203804749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108138987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95665762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      203804749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108138987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     95665762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     203804749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4005147.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 976181.244898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1630437.992000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4005147.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 976181.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1630437.992000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4005147.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 976181.244898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1630437.992000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    105768166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87057840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192826006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    105768166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87057840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192826006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    105768166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     87057840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192826006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3917339.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 888345.306122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542608.048000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3917339.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 888345.306122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542608.048000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3917339.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 888345.306122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1542608.048000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034288901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034288901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035573288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035573288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035573288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035573288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.076305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.076305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459030.712766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459030.712766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459030.712766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459030.712766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224513965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224513965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.353033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.353033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.515480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.515480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.515480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.515480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              516.585989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              849067080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1639125.637066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.585989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.042606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       106632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       106632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         106632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       106632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        106632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    105363963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105363963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    105363963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105363963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    105363963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105363963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       106672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       106672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       106672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       106672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       106672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2634099.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2634099.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2634099.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2634099.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2634099.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2634099.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743013                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 371506.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84150303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84150303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84150303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84150303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84150303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84150303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3005367.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3005367.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3005367.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3005367.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3005367.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3005367.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              141285377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             110812.060392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   194.724089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    61.275911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.760641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.239359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        64859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       145508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         145508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       145508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        145508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          568                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1576274784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1576274784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    530891933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    530891933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2107166717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2107166717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2107166717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2107166717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       148511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       148511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.029308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.020221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.020221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 647340.773717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647340.773717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934668.896127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934668.896127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701687.218448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 701687.218448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701687.218448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 701687.218448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    608353271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    608353271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63916310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63916310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672269581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    672269581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    672269581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    672269581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 639698.497371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 639698.497371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 926323.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 926323.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 659087.824510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 659087.824510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 659087.824510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 659087.824510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.814373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845321597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704277.413306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.814373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132972518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             153547.942263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   174.388888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    81.611112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.681207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.318793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       674269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 337134.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.505009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868078592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1520277.744308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.455914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.049095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116995023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116995023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116995023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116995023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116995023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116995023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387653.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2387653.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387653.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2387653.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387653.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2387653.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68929706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68929706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68929706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68929706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68929706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68929706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461775.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461775.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461775.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461775.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461775.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461775.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332250244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             286422.624138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   105.792412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   150.207588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.413252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.586748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1731527270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1731527270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738093815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1738093815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738093815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1738093815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 531469.389196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531469.389196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532178.142988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 532178.142988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532178.142988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 532178.142988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    460388718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460388718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463584001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463584001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463584001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463584001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 510975.269700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510975.269700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512814.160398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512814.160398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512814.160398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512814.160398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              542.477978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750173464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1354103.725632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.745627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.732351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.025233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.844122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         141267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       141267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        141267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85636395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85636395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       141310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       141310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       141310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991544.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     56890526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56890526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2107056.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              171131865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             189514.800664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   155.112744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   100.887256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.605909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.394091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       201789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41072                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         242861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       242861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        242861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1002829705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002829705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1285287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1285287                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004114992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1004114992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1004114992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1004114992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       204045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        41087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444516.713209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444516.713209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85685.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85685.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442146.627917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220006337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220006337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220198637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220198637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220198637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220198637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341624.746894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341624.746894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340337.924266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.815998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              845322478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1704279.189516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.815998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         137450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       137450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        137450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17997414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17997414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17997414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17997414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17997414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17997414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       137468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       137468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       137468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 999856.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999856.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 999856.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 999856.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 999856.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 999856.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16074613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16074613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16074613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16074613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16074613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16074613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1148186.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148186.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1148186.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148186.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1148186.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1148186.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              132973672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             153549.274827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   174.968442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    81.031558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.683470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.316530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        95360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        79692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       175052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         175052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       175052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        175052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    898594326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    898594326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    119029151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    119029151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1017623477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1017623477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1017623477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1017623477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        97446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        79809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       177255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       177255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 430773.885906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430773.885906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1017343.170940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1017343.170940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 461926.226509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461926.226509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 461926.226509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461926.226509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       930472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       465236                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    216065546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216065546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1388837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1388837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217454383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    217454383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217454383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    217454383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 354787.431856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354787.431856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1388837                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1388837                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 356482.595082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356482.595082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 356482.595082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356482.595082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.813760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845321815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704277.852823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.813760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     17990484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17990484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     17990484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17990484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     17990484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17990484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 817749.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817749.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 817749.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817749.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 817749.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817749.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16359601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16359601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16359601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16359601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16359601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16359601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1168542.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1168542.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1168542.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1168542.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1168542.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1168542.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132972909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153548.393764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.713748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.286252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.682476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.317524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    914136521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914136521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011230627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1011230627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011230627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1011230627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438224.602589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438224.602589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459024.342714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459024.342714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459024.342714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459024.342714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 137125.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219948373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219948373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221321231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221321231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221321231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221321231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 361163.174056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 361163.174056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362821.690164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362821.690164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362821.690164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362821.690164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              475.049005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              847790854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1751633.995868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.049005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.032130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       150279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       150279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         150279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       150279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        150279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    173171419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173171419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    173171419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173171419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    173171419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173171419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       150323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       150323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       150323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       150323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       150323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3935714.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3935714.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3935714.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3935714.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3935714.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3935714.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4176144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1044036                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100901197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100901197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100901197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100901197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100901197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100901197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3479351.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3479351.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3479351.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3479351.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3479351.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3479351.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              123781277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             170732.795862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   153.381721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   102.618279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.599147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.400853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       117968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       204738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         204738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       204738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        204738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    277519882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    277519882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       751013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751013                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    278270895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    278270895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    278270895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    278270895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       119170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        86778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 230881.765391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230881.765391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93876.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93876.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 229975.946281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229975.946281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 229975.946281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229975.946281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122397922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122397922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122606319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122606319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    122606319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122606319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 262656.484979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262656.484979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69465.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69465.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 261420.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261420.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 261420.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261420.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              515.686534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              849067469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1642296.845261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.686534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       107021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        107021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       107021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         107021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       107021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        107021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94778246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94778246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94778246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94778246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     94778246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94778246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       107064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       107064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       107064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       107064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       107064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       107064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204145.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2204145.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204145.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2204145.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2204145.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2204145.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       727565                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 363782.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68416871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68416871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68416871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68416871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68416871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68416871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2533958.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533958.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2533958.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533958.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2533958.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533958.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              141285770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             110035.646417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   194.820222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    61.179778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.761016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.238984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        80871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        65023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       145894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         145894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       145894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        145894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1520177020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1520177020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    525290144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    525290144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2045467164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2045467164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2045467164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2045467164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        83289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       148864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.029031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 628691.902399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 628691.902399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 951612.579710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951612.579710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 688709.482828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 688709.482828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 688709.482828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 688709.482828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    599900047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    599900047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     61575111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61575111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    661475158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    661475158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    661475158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    661475158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 625547.494265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 625547.494265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 879644.442857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879644.442857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 642833.000972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642833.000972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 642833.000972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642833.000972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              568.516058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868078365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1520277.346760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.466799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.049259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332249930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             287662.277056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   105.790835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   150.209165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.413245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.586755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              475.062541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              847790452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1751633.165289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.062541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.032152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        149877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         149877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        149877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    192171783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    192171783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       149922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       149922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       149922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       149922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4270484.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4185603                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 697600.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    112237705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112237705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3870265.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              123780940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             170732.331034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   153.411053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   102.588947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.599262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.400738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       117785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         204401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        204401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    281685638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281685638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       750479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282436117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    282436117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    282436117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    282436117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       118975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        86624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 236710.620168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 236710.620168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93809.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93809.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235756.358097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123501632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123501632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208351                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123709983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123709983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123709983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123709983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 265024.961373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265024.961373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69450.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69450.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263773.950959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              568.465497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868078396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1520277.401051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.413752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   542.051745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114713172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114713172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114713172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114713172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114713172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114713172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493764.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493764.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493764.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493764.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493764.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493764.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69337678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69337678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69337678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69337678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69337678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69337678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476345.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476345.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476345.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476345.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476345.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476345.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332250028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             287911.636049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   105.648445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   150.351555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.412689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.587311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1692160154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1692160154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697448841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1697448841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697448841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1697448841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524050.837411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 524050.837411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524389.509113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524389.509113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524389.509113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524389.509113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    448867814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448867814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451422424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451422424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451422424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451422424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 501528.283799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 501528.283799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502697.576837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502697.576837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502697.576837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502697.576837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.815639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              845322620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1704279.475806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.815639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.022140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       137592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       137592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         137592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       137592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        137592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     20087748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20087748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     20087748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20087748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     20087748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20087748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       137616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       137616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       137616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       137616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       137616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 836989.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836989.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 836989.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 836989.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 836989.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 836989.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16010564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16010564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16010564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16010564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     16010564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16010564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1143611.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143611.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1143611.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143611.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1143611.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1143611.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              132973932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             153549.575058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   175.040130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    80.959870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.683751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.316249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        79826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       175308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         175308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       175308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        175308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    856541647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    856541647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82290375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82290375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    938832022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    938832022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    938832022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    938832022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       177511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       177511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 410614.404123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 410614.404123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703336.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 703336.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426160.699955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426160.699955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426160.699955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426160.699955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       674188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       337094                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    214626849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214626849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       749566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       749566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215376415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215376415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215376415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215376415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 352425.039409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352425.039409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       749566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       749566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353076.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353076.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 353076.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 353076.090164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.181822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              845323601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1700852.315895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.181822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         138573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        138573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       138593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       138593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              132974877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             153020.571922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   175.745043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    80.254957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.686504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.313496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         176252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        176252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866931903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    866931903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98472049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     98472049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    965403952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    965403952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    965403952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    965403952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 414799.953589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414799.953589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841641.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841641.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 437428.161305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437428.161305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 437428.161305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437428.161305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 139183.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    206671326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206671326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       750383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       750383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    207421709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207421709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    207421709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207421709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337698.245098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337698.245098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       750383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       750383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338371.466558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338371.466558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338371.466558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338371.466558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              568.447764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868077967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1520276.649737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.395920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.051844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124281954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124281954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124281954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124281954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124281954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124281954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701781.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2701781.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701781.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2701781.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701781.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2701781.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75472280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75472280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75472280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75472280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75472280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75472280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2695438.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2695438.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2695438.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2695438.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2695438.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2695438.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332249535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             290174.266376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   105.557049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   150.442951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.412332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.587668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729931751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1729931751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1735222602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735222602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1735222602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735222602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541449.687324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 541449.687324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541749.173275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 541749.173275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541749.173275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 541749.173275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    459297998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459297998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461853566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461853566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461853566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461853566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 517810.595265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517810.595265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 518936.591011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518936.591011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 518936.591011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518936.591011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              475.072880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              847790956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1751634.206612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.072880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.032168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       150381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       150381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         150381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       150381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        150381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    182371370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182371370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    182371370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    182371370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    182371370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    182371370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       150424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       150424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       150424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       150424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       150424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4241194.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4241194.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4241194.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4241194.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 4241194.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4241194.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3842135                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 640355.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108508892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108508892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108508892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108508892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    108508892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108508892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3741685.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3741685.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3741685.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3741685.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3741685.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3741685.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              123781661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170733.325517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   153.367349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   102.632651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.599091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.400909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       118201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         205122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        205122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    273410831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273410831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       750639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    274161470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    274161470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    274161470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    274161470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       119391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        86929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       206320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       206320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229757.000840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229757.000840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93829.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93829.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228849.307179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228849.307179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228849.307179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228849.307179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120541545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120541545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120749916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120749916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    120749916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120749916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 258672.843348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258672.843348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        69457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 257462.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257462.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 257462.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257462.507463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
